mission 1. 오늘은 APEX강의에서 뭐 배웠는지 적어봐 !!
mission 2. 100문제 정리 !!



NO.100 Universal Containers is piloting new features in an existing sandbox and wants to prevent
outbound email sends during testing.
(A) Email deliberability set to system email only
(b) Email configured for SMTP authentication
(c) Email relay to the configured host enabled
(d) Email deliberability set to no access

NO.101 Cloud Kicks wants to set up a new opportunity approval process and execute various action
items based on the initial submission.
Which three action types should an app builder use in the approval process?
Choose 3 answers
(A). Email Alert
(B). Outbound Message
(C). Task
(D). Invocable Flow
(E). Invocable Process Builder

NO.102 A user is unable to use inline editing on a list view. A quick check verifies the user should be
able to perform inline editing as they have been assigned the appropriate permissions.
Which two conditions should the app builder review?
Choose 2 answers
(A). If the list view restricts sharing for the user
(B). If the list view selected is the recently viewed list view
(C). If the list view contains a chart created by the user
(D). If the list view contains more than one record type

NO.103 Which of the following is true in regards to the User Acceptance testing (UAT) step in a large
enterprise application lifecycle? Choose 2 answers.
(A). UAT comes before Integration testing
(B). UAT come after Integration Testing
(C). UAT can be used for end user testing or training
(D). UAT is typically the last step before deploying changes to production

NO.104 What type of field can be referenced by a Roll-up Summary field using SUM? Choose 3
answers
(A). Formula
(B). Currency
(C). Number
(D). Percent
(E). Date

NO.105 Which statement is true about converting a lead? Choose 3 answers
(A). The lead's most recent campaign record is automatically applied to the "PRIMARY campaign
source" field on the opportunity
(B). Users can convert leads that are associated with an active approval process.
(C). Multi-select picklist values on lead records overwrite values on the contact's corresponding field.
(D). Administrators may choose whether to enforce validation rules & triggers
(E). The system automatically maps standard lead fields to standard account, contact, and
opportunity fields.

NO.106 Which sandbox type allows for the use of a sandbox template?
(A). Developer Sandbox
(B). Partial Sandbox
(C). Config Sandbox
(D). Developer Pro Sandbox

NO.107 The customer service team at Universal containers uses a custom Project object to track
their customer projects. An App builder needs to create a relationship between the project object
and the related client Account record. A private sharing model is in place for both Accounts and
projects. Which statement is true when creating an Account lookup field on the Project object?
Choose 2 answers
(A). The account lookup field on the project record can be made optional.
(B). Cross-object field updates between the Project and Account records are not supported
(C). Users can only delete Accounts if they have access to related projects records
(D). The account record can include roll-up summary field with data from the project records

NO.108 The marketing team at UVC has a list of 400 leads it wants to upload to Salesforce. The team
need to avoid creating duplicate records. Which two actions should be taken to meet this
requirement? Choose 2 answers
(A). Utilize a Lead Matching Rule and corresponding Duplicate Rule to block newly created duplicate
leads.
(B). Upload the lead list using the import wizard and select a Matching type to prevent duplicate lead
creation.
(C). Use Data Loader's update function to import lead and match to existing records based on e-mail
address.
(D). Enable Duplicate Matching in the Data Management section in Setup and activate the Leadto_Lead scenario.


NO.109 The VP of sales at Universal Containers wants to have a set of screens to guide the inside
sales team through collecting and updating data for leads. How can the App Builder accomplish this?
(A). Visual workflow
(B). Lightning Process Builder
(C). Workflow
(D). Lightning Connect


NO.110 Which statement is true when defining a Create custom action for the Contact object?
Choose 2 answers

(A) The create action will ignore field requirements
(b) The create action  can pre-define Contact field values.
(c) The create action  allows a user to select a record type.
(d) The create action  will respect validation rules.

NO.111 Which statement is true when a new full sandbox is created? Choose 2 answers
(A). User's email addresses will not be modified.
(B). Default email deliverability is set to system email only
(C). Chatter data will be copied to the sandbox by default
(D). Usernames will be modified uniquely for that sandbox

NO.112 Universal Containers allows all employees to submit reviews for leadership using a custom
object called Review. These Reviews should only be visible to the HR department and the employee
who submitted the record.
Which three steps should an app builder take to properly control access to Reviews?
Choose 3 answers
(A). Disable Grant Access Using Hierarchies.
(B). Add a Master-Detail(User; field on the Review object.
(C). Create a criteria-based Sharing Rule for the HR Department.
(D). Remove Review Read permission from non-HR Department user Profiles.
(E). Set organization-wide default to Private


NO.113 UVC needs to update a field on an Account when an Opportunity Stage is changed to
Closed-Lost. Which two should be used to accomplish this requirement? Choose two answers
(A). Process Builder
(B). Assignment Rule
(C). Approval Process
(D). Workflow Rule

NO.114 Cloud Kicks works on an annual subscription model. When a sales rep marks an opportunity
as closed won, a new opportunity should automatically be created for the renewal. The contracts
team works outside of Salesforce but also needs to be notified about closed deals in order to initiate
the contract process with the customer.
Which automation solution would meet these requirements?
(A). Approval Process
(B). Validation Rule
(C). Process Builder
(D). Workflow Rule

NO.115 Properly installing managed packages helps prevent conflicts with customizations made by
customers and partners.
What functionality should be used to set up packages?
(A). Description
(B). Allow sharing
(C). Help setting
(D). Namespace


NO.116 An app builder wants to update a field on the parent record when a child record connected
via lookup is deleted.
What automation should the app builder use?
(A). Screen flow
(B). Process Builder
(C). Apex code
(D). Workflow rule
Answer: C

NO.117 What are two capabilities of Schema Builder? Choose 2 answers
(A). Editing custom settings
(B). Creating a new record type
(C). Showing selected objects on a page
(D). Viewing page layouts in a new window


NO.118 Universal Containers would like to automatically assign a specific permission set to new
users. How can this requirement be met? Choose 2 Answers
(A). Create an approval process on the User object to assign a permission set
(B). Create a flow on the user object to assign a permission set.
(C). Create a lightning process on the user object to launch a flow.
(D). Create a workflow rule on the User object to assign a permission set.


NO.119 At Ursa Major Solar there is a requirement for a new field called Planet Details on the Planet
object where users can write detailed descriptions that can include pictures and links.
What field type should the app builder utilize to fulfill this requirement?
(A). Long Text Area
(B). Rich Text Area
(C). Multi-Select Picklist
(D). URL


NO.120 Universal container would like to use a chatter group for their mergers and acquisitions
team to collaborate on potential new projects. This project should not be visible for non-members to
see or join, and can be accessed by invites only.

(a) Private group
(b) Public group
(c) Unlisted group
(d) Member group

NO.121 Universal Containers wants the sales reps to clean up its Salesforce customer contacts using
the Contacts tab.
Which two solutions can be used to support and simplify this process using a list view? Choose 2
answers
(A). Filter the list view by customer record type and enable inline edit functionality.
(B). Add a chart to the list view to show the percentage of contacts that have already been cleaned
up.
(C). Clone a master list view for each user on the team so they can view their customers.
(D). Make the list view dynamic so only "My Contacts are visible to the user


NO.122 A manager wants to calculate the number of days an account has been last contacted
through mail. Which field should be used to achieve this?
(A). Number Field
(B). Formula Field
(C). Date Field
(D). Rollup Summary Field

NO.123 Universal Containers uses a private sharing model on Accounts. User A and User B both own
Accounts of their own and have both been sent a new Account record in an email owned by User C to
take a look at. User A is able to open and view the record but User B receives an insufficient privileges
error. User A and User B have the same role in the Role Hierarchy as User C.
What are the three reasons User A has access but User 8 is unable to access the record?
Choose 3 answers
(A). User A is in a Public Group that has access via a Sharing Rule
(B). User A is on the same Account Team as User C
(C). User A and User B have different profiles
(D). User C has manually shared the record with user A
(E). User A was granted an additional permission set

NO.124 UVC uses a custom object to track open job positions. They would like to automatically post
updates on a record's feed whenever a position stage is changed. Which social feature can be used to
accomplish this.
(A). Workflow rule
(B). Feed tracking
(C). Feed quick Action
(D). Auto response rule

NO.125 Which statement about record types is true? (Select 2)
(A). Users cannot view records assigned to a record type their profile does not have access to
(B). The ability to create records of a specific record type is determined by the profile
(C). Record types can only be assigned to one profile at a time
(D). Record types can be used to define picklist values available for a given field


NO.126 When a user creates a record by using an object-specific create action, what feed item for
that record appears? (Choose 3 answers)
(A). In the Chatter feed of the user who created the record
(B). In the Chatter feed of the first user who follows the record on which the record was created
(C). As the first entry in the feed for the new record
(D). In the user profile feed for all users who can view the record
(E). In the feed for the record on which the new record was created

NO.127 Universal con needs a field on the account to track how many opportunitiesare closing
within the next 30 days. What can be used?
(A). Workflow rule
(B). Roll-up summary field
(C). Process builder
(D). Apex code



NO.128 Universal Containers wants to create a report to show job applications with or without
resumes.
What considerations should the app builder be aware of when creating the custom report type?
(A). An app builder is unable to create custom report types for objects they do not have permissions
for.
(B). Once the report type has been deployed it is unable to be deleted.
(C). A primary object selection is locked once the custom report type has been saved.
(D). When a custom or external object is deleted the report type and reports remain but cause an
error when the report is run.

NO.129 Universal Containers (UC) has a custom Invoice object and a custom Invoice Line Item
object. TTie Invoice Line Item object has a lookup relationship to the Invoice. UC would like to convert
the lookup relationship to a master-detail relationship but is unable to do so.
Which two reasons could be preventing this relationship conversion?
Choose 2 answers
(A). Custom objects are unable to be on the detail side of a master-detail relationship.
(B). There are already two master-detail relationships on the Invoice Line Item.
(C). Invoice Line Item records exist without having the Invoice lookup field populated.
(D). There is a roll-up summary field on the Invoice object.


NO.130 Universal Containers has a workflow on opportunity that will change the status field to "In
Progress" when the Stage field is changed "Negotiation." In addition, there is a validation rule on
Status that will prevent the status being set to "In Progress" if the amount of the opportunity is less
than $10,000.A user named Frank does not have FLS to see status. When Frank changes
opportunities to a stage of "Negotiation" the status is still being changed to "In Progress", why is this
occurring?
(a) workflow rules cannot trigger a validation rule
(b) workflow rules occur after validation rules and this override validation rules.
(c) field level security prevents the validation rule from running.

NO.131 The Vp of sales at universal con has requested the sales reps be given access to view all
accounts in salesforce. However, they've also requested the sales rep only be allowed to create new
opportunities on accounts they own
(A). Create a new opportunity quick action that validation account ownership
(B). Create an opportunity validation rule that compares the opportunity and account owner
(C). Set the organization wide default sharing on opportunities to private and recalculate sharing
(D). Set the organization wide default sharing on opportunities to controlled by parent

NO.132 Universal Containers needs to update a field on an Account when an Opportunity Stage is
changed to Closed Lost. What tools can we use to accomplish this requirement? (Choose 2)
(A). Lightning Process Builder
(B). Assignment Rule
(C). Workflow Rule
(D). Approval Process


NO.133 After universal containers converted qualified leads. Sales reps need to be able to report on
converted leads. How should an app builder support for this requirement ?
(A). Enable preserve lead status in the lead conversion settings
(B). Assign the representative view and edit converted leads permission
(C). Ensure the representative has read access to the original lead records
(D). Create a custom report type with converted leads as the primary object

NO.134 DreamHouse Realty wants to track how many lifts are being installed into customer garages.
The To Be Installed custom checkbox field on the custom Lift object should be checked and an
external system should be notified via an outbound message the next day when a lift is sold.
What automation tool should be used to complete this task?
(A). Approval process
(B). Workflow
(C). Flow
(D). Process Builder


NO.135 What should be done to provide managers access to records of which they are not the
owner in a private sharing model?
(A). Create a Manager Permission set and select the "View All Data" option
(B). Create a Manager profile and select the "View My Teams Data" option.
(C). Define a Role Hierarchy and use the Grant Access Using Hierarchies option
(D). Set the Manger field for each User Record on the Manager's team.

NO.136 All contact's mailing post code should match the account shipping postal code.How to do it?
(A). Use NOT EQUAL operator
(B). Use compare operator
(C). Use distance()use distance()
(D). Geolocation()


NO.137 Which two report formats can be used as a source report to configure a reporting snapshot?
Choose 2 answers
(A). Matrix format
(B). Tabular format
(C). Joined format
(D). Summary format



NO.138 What option is available to an App Builder when defining an object-specific Create Record
custom action? Choose 2 answers
(A). Pre-Defining field values on the target object.
(B). Redirecting the end user to the detail page of the target object
(C). Specifying the fields and layout of the action.
(D). Allowing the end user to choose the record type



NO.139 What can be branded in SF1?(Select 3)
(A). Loading page color
(B). Loading logo
(C). Action tab bar
(D). Header and Search


NO.140 What is a true statement in regards to managing access to reports and dashboards? Choose
2 answers

(A) Users with the "Manage public reports" permission can organize reports by creating custom report folders and send invitations to users to access them.
(b) Users must have certain permissions to accses public, hidden, or shared forder.
(c) Users with the "manage public reports" and "create and customize Reports" permissions can create custom reports that all users can view
(d) users that want to grant access to personal folders can manually share a personal folder with a user or public group

NO.141 universal containers has several new fields they requested for the opportunity product
object. What should an app builder be able to configure using a formula field ?
(A). A hyperlink to the parent account of the parent opportunity.
(B). A mix of functions and concatenation of 10 account fields and 10 opportunity fields.
(C). A combination of the opportunity`s text and a description fields.
(D). A Rich text area field that uses HTML to bold certain characters



NO.142 What determines whether a user can create a new record using a specific record type?
(A). Field level security
(B). Profile
(C). Page Layout
(D). Sharing

NO.143 Universal Container wants customers to be able to open cases from a public-facing website.
What should the app builder use to enable visitors to the website?
(A). Outbound message
(B). Web-to-case
(C). Screen flow
(D). Email-to-case

NO.144 You are explaining to another developer, who is not familiar with Force.com, how an
external ID field can be used to work with data coming from another system. What features would
you mention? Choose 3 answers.
(A). An external ID is indexed and increases query performance
(B). An external ID can be either text, number or email data types
(C). An external ID is used to represent an identifier for a record from an external system
(D). External IDs are not case sensitive

NO.145 The VP of marketing wants to broadcast an emailto 10,000 contacts insalesforce on a
regular basis, but realizes salesforce'smass email functionality has alimitation on the number of
emails that can besent each day
(A). Download all contacts to a CSV file and use an email client to send the emails
(B). Request salesforce increase the number of maximum daily emails
(C). Develop apex code and Visualforce pages to sent the emails
(D). Research and evaluate products available on appExchange to send mass emails

NO.146 Universal Containers uses the Asset object to track products that are installed at customer
locations. A new object, Asset Inventory, has been created to capture details about the asset.
Which approach should the app builder take to show Asset Inventory as a related list on Asset?
(A). Create a roll-up on Asset. Add the Asset Inventory related list to the Asset page layout.
(B). Create a junction object to relate Asset Inventory and Asset. Add the Asset Inventory related list
to the Asset page layout.
(C). Create a lookup relationship on Asset Inventory to Asset. Add the Asset Inventory related list to
the Asset page layout.
(D). Create a master-detail relationship on Asset to Asset Inventory Add the Asset Inventory related
list to the Asset page layout.



NO.147 Which statement is true when using record types to control picklist value. (Select 2)
(A). If a picklist value is added to the master picklist, then the new value must be manually included in
the appropriate record types
(B). If a picklist value is removed from the master, then it is no longer available when records
assigned to that value are unchanged
(C). If a record type is renamed, then the list of values included in that record type are also changed
to newly renamed record types
(D). If values are added to the Opportunity Stage, Case Status, and Lead Status fields, then the values
must be manually adjusted for each record type

NO.148 Universal Containers would like to embed a chart of all related Opportunities, by stage, on
the Account detail page. Which type of report should the App Builder create to add to the Account
page layout?
(A). A summary report on the Opportunity object.
(B). A summary report on the Account object.
(C). A tabular report on the Account object.
(D). A tabular report on the Opportunity object.



NO.150 The Director of customer service wants to receive a notification when a case stays in the ''
new'' status for more than four business hours.
Which two automation processes should be used to accomplish this?
(a)Escalation rules
(b) flow builder
(c) process builder
(d) scheduled apex


NO.151 When configuring a record type, an App Builder can configure the available value of a
picklist field for the page layout. Which opportunity standard field is available to be configured
directly in the Opportunity record type? Choose 2 answers
(A). Forecast Category
(B). Lead Source
(C). Type
(D). Stage

NO.153 At Universal Containers, multiple departments utilize the Case object for different purposes.
Some users submit cases for IT and HR requests. Other users provide customer support with case
records. How can an App Builder enable different users to see different fields, based on the case
type?
(A). Create different case record types for IT, HR and Customer Support. Assign different page layouts
to each record type by profile.
(B). Create different case field sets for IT, HR and Customer Support. Assign different field sets by
profile.
(C). Create different case record types for IT, HR and Customer Support. Assign different page layouts
to each record type by role.
(D). Create different case field sets for IT, HR and Customer Support. Assign different field sets by role

NO.155 A divisional manager wants to add a chart into a page layout Which report format can be
used as the source report to accomplish this? Choose 2 answers.
(A). Matrix format with a chart.
(B). Joined format with a chart.
(C). Tabular format with a chart.
(D). Summary format with a chart.


NO.156 Sales managers want to be automatically notified any time there is a change to an
opportunity close date and want these changes to be tracked on the opportunity. Which two
configurations should an app builder recommend? Choose 2 answers
(A). Create an opportunity outbound message
(B). Activate historical trending for opportunities
(C). Enable feed tracking on opportunities
(D). Use process builder on opportunities and a chatter post action

NO.157 Universal Containers implemented an application process that uses custom objects
Internships and Applications. The organization-wide default for Internships has been set to private
and is the master in the master-detail relationship with Applications. The VP of HR wants to allow
edit access to Applications to recruiters.
How should an app builder configure the proper access?
(A). Set the organization-wide default on the Applications object to Read/Write.
(B). Add a sharing rule that grants the users Read/Write access to the Internship records.
(C). Create a queue for the web applications and assign access to the users who will be editing the
records.
(D). Create a sharing rule that grants the users Read/Write access to the Application records.

NO.158 Universal Containers (UC) uses a custom object to track expense reports. UC wants to
automatically post updates on a record's feed whenever an expense report has been approved Which
social feature can be used to accomplish this?
(A). Feed Quick action
(B). Approval process
(C). Feed tracking
(D). Auto-response rule



NO.159 What is the capability of sandbox template ? Select 2
(A). Specify the data range for data being replicated in a partial copy sandbox environment
(B). Save a template for re-use when creating a partial copy sandbox environment
(C). Specify the objects whose data should be replicated in the partial copy sandbox environment
(D). Create a partial copy sandbox from a partial copy sandboxes environment

NO.160 When should Unmanaged packages be created? Choose 2 answers
(a) deploying from a dev edition environment
(b) publishing an application for sale on the Appexchange
(c) Migrating of components from sandbox to production
(d) distributing open-source projects on App Exchange

NO.161 Which two solutions prevent a formula field from being referenced by a Roll-Up Summary
Field?
(A). A cross-object workflow updating a field referenced by the formula field
(B). A cross-object field reference in the formula field
(C). The CASE() function in the formula field
(D). The NOW() function in the formula field

NO.162 What is a capability of schema builder? (Select 2)
(A). To update descriptions of standard and custom objects
(B). To modify custom field help text on standard objects
(C). To enable field history tracking on standard objects
(D). To create new lookup or master-detail object relationships


NO.163 A custom button can be used for performing all of the following actions, except: Choose 1
answer.
(A). Invoke a visualforce page in your Salesforce org
(B). Invoke a webpage URL
(C). Invoke a Javascript
(D). Invoke an Apex Trigger

NO.163 A custom button can be used for performing all of the following actions, except: Choose 1
answer.
(A). Invoke a visualforce page in your Salesforce org
(B). Invoke a webpage URL
(C). Invoke a Javascript
(D). Invoke an Apex Trigger

NO.164 What is recommended to refresh a fullsandbox?
(A). After UAT sign-off.
(B). Whenever a new production used is added.
(C). After a major production release.
(D). Within 3 hours of when it is needed.


NO.165 Ursa Major Solar has made a great app that leadership wants to share with the world for
free via AppExchange.
What should an app builder consider about the type of package when uploading to AppExchange?
(A). Unmanaged packages allow for patches on programmatic changes but not Apex.
(B). Managed packages provide intellectual property protection on Apex code.
(C). Managed packages need a per-user charge on AppExchange.
(D). Unmanaged packages can be set up to prevent user customizations


NO.166 The director of marketing has asked the app builder to create a formula field that tracks
how many days have elapsed since a contact was sent a marketing communication. The director is
only interested in whole units. Which function should be used to calculate the difference?
(A). Datevalue()
(B). Now()
(C). Date()
(D). Today()


NO.167 A manager wants to calculate the number of days since an account was last contacted
through email. Which field type should be used to accomplish this?
(A). Formula
(B). Number
(C). Roll-up Summary
(D). Date


NO.168 An app builder would like to streamline the user experience by reflecting summarized
calculations of specific fields on various objects. Which field types could be used in roll-up summary
fields to accomplish this? Choose 3 answers
(A). Currency
(B). Percent
(C). Date
(D). Checkbox
(E). Time

NO.169 Universal Containers wants to standardize their business logic. They want to ensure that the
workflow order is guaranteed to be the same each time. Which feature can be used to accomplish
this? Choose 2 answers.
(A). Lightning Process Builder
(B). Workflow
(C). Chatter Actions
(D). Visual Workflow





NO 171. Which opportunity standard field is available tobe configured directly?
(a) forecast category
(b) stage
(c) Type
(d) Lead source


NO.171 What are the limitations of Schema Builder when creating a custom object?
(A). "Save" should be clicked each time a new object, field, or relationship is created.
(B). Fields and relationships can be created, but they will be unable to add the fields to the page
layout from the canvas.
(C). Relationships can be made to any custom objects, but any relationships to standard objects
should be built in Lightning Object Manager.
(D). Custom fields can be added to any custom objects, excluding formula field types.




NO.172 Universal Containers wants to test code against a subject of production data that is under 5
GB. They want to refresh a sandbox weekly. Which type of sandbox should be used?
(A). Developer Sandbox
(B). Developer Pro Sandbox
(C). Partial Copy Sandbox
(D). Full Sandbox
(E). Enterprise Sandbox


NO.173 Users at Cloud Kicks provided feedback that the time card custom page layout has too many
fields on it, and some fields are only needed if other fields are entered.
What should an app builder configure to help with this issue?
(A). Dependent picklists
(B). Separate page layouts
(C). Lightning web components
(D). Dynamic forms

NO.174 Invoices in SAP need to be reviewed from Salesforce Account object Home. (Select 2)
(A). Data Loader
(B). From SAP config
(C). O-DATA
(D). External object
Answer: C,D

NO.175 Where can a custom button be placed? Choose 3 answers
(A). On the User Object
(B). On the Custom List View
(C). On a Person Account
(D). On a related list
(E). On a Web-to-Case form

NO.176 The case handling process at Universal Containers includes multiple steps Including
approvals, notifications, and fields updates. To manage and evaluate all of these changes in a single
save operation, an app builder wants to use Process Builder and the Advanced option to let the
process evaluate a record multiple times has been selected.
Which two options should the app builder avoid to prevent recursion?
Choose 2 answers
(A). IF statements
(B). Setting a criteria node to No criteria-just execute the procedure
(C). Invocable processes
(D). The ISCHANGED function



NO.177 Universal containers requires that all users specify a contract is sent on each opportunity
prior to marking it as closed won. uc wants to be able to report on how many opportunities have sent
contracts compared to how many have a missing contract when the opportunities closed. what type
of field should an app builder configure to fulfill this requirement ?



NO.178 The CRM Manager at Universal Containers has requested that a custom text field be
converted to a picklist in order to promote better data hygiene. What needs to be considered before
changing the field type? Choose 2 answers
(A). Existing list views that reference the field may be deleted.
(B). Field references will be removed in Visualforce pages
(C). All data should be backed up before converting a text field.
(D). Changing a field type will remove existing field history.

NO.180 Universal Containers has two teams: Sales and Services. Both teams interact with the same
records. Sales users use ten fields on the Account record. Services users use three of the same fields
as the Sales team, but also have five of their own, which the sales team does not use. What is the
minimum configuration necessary to meet this requirement?

-> two profiles, one record type, two page layouts 

NO.181 Universal Containers uses a private sharing model for opportunities. This model CANNOT be
changed due to a regional structure A new sales operations team has been created. This team needs
to perform analysis on Opportunity data, all should have read arid write access to all Opportunities.
What are two recommended solutions for the app builder to give the users appropriate access?
Choose 2 answers
(A). Create a criteria based sharing rule to all opportunities with the sales operations public group.
(B). Add a manual share for all opportunities with each user on the sales operations team.
(C). Add a permission set with 'View All" and 'Modify All'' opportunity permissions enabled.
(D). Create a criteria-based sharing rule to share all opportunities with the sales operations private
group




NO.182 The Service Manager provided the app builder with color code requirements for case age on
open cases.
New cases populate a green circle
Day-old cases populate a yellow circle
Three day-old cases populate a red circle
How should an app builder implement this requirement?
(A). Formula Field
(B). Quick Action
(C). Custom Button
(D). Lightning Web Component


NO.183 Sales reps at Universal Containers create multiple quotes per opportunity.
What automation tool should an app builder recommend to delete rejected quotes?
(A). Approval process
(B). Validation rule
(C). Workflow rule
(D). Flow

NO.184 What is a true statement when deleting a dashboard?
(A). Deleting a dashboard requires a user to first edit the components to remove the underlying
reports
(B). Deleting a dashboard also deletes the components within it. It does not delete the custom
reports used by the components.
(C). Deleting a dashboard also deletes the components within it, as well as the custom reports used
by the components
(D). Deleting a dashboard does not move the dashboard to the recycle bin and therefore the
dashboard cannot be recovered

NO.185 An app builder has been asked to provide users a way to identify a Contact's "Preferred
Contact Method" direction on Contact record. Users need to be able to identify whether a phone
number or an email, is the Contact's preferred communication method. Which filed type will allow
the App Builder to accomplish this with the fewest fields possible?
(A). Checkboxes
(B). Picklist
(C). Email
(D). Formula



NO.200 DreamHouse Realty (DR) is expanding into subsidized housing by partnering with local
government entitles. DR uses Sales Cloud and has enabled field history tracking on the Opportunity
object. Due to increased Information requirements, the App Dev team is changing Text Area (Long)
fields to Rich Text fields to allow for up to 1,000 characters and better descriptions.
Which two considerations should be made by the team?
Choose 2 answers
(a) rich text field values of all length are displayed fully in reports
(b) data loss may occur when changing custom field types
(c) field history trankcing records value changes of 255 characters or less
(d) audit trail is available REST API extracsts

NO.201 Ursa Major Solar's sales team has been struggling to enter data on mobile since rollout; the
team dislikes scrolling through all of the fields to input only the necessary data.
How could the app builder solve this with minimal impact to desktop users?
(A). Filter components by device using Form Factor.
(B). Reorder the fields to make sense for the reps when in the field.
(C). Update the training documentation with better screenshots.
(D). Deselect the phone radio button on the Lightning record page assignment.


NO.202 universal containers is migrating its sales operations from a legacy system that was used.
opportunities need to be imported with the proper country currency. Which two steps should an app
builder configure to meet these requirements ?
Choose 2 answers.
(A). Include the currency ISO code in all currency fields in the import file.
(B). Use Data Loader to import the records.
(C). Include the currency ISO Code Column in the import file.
(D). Use import the currency ISO Code Column in the import file.
(E). Use Import Wizard to import the records


NO.203 UC has a requirement that an opportunity should have a field showing the value of its
associated account's billing state. This value should not change after the opportunity has been
created. Is there a recommended solution to configure this automated behavior?
(A). Formula field
(B). Apex
(C). Workflow
(D). Roll-up summary field



NO.206 Northern Trail Outfitters uses a custom object to track travel requests. Rangers want to
have automatic posts on a record whenever a travel request has been approved.
Which feature should be used to accomplish this?
(A). Auto-response rule
(B). Workflow rule
(C). Feed tracking
(D). Feed quick action
automatically post !! 


NO.207 Universal Containers's app builder has been tasked with replacing workflow rules and Apex
triggers with Process Builders where possible.
What are two important considerations an app builder should know before the project is started?
Choose 2 answers
(A). Avoid generating infinite loops.
(B). Apex has a different SOQL query limit than Flow.
(C). Create a process for each workflow rule.
(D). Combine actions when possible.


NO.208 Ann app builder has been to display an overdue date that is two months after a tasks due
date. Which approach should the app builder take?
(A). Use process builder and set overdue date equal to DueDate + ((365/12)*2)
(B). Create a formula field using DueDate + 60
(C). Use process builder and set overdue Date equal to DueDate + 60
(D). Create a formula field using the ADDMONTHS () function


NO.209 Universal Container installs an unmanaged package. Which of the following are true:
(choose 2)
(A). Unmanaged packages can be upgraded
(B). Unmanaged packages don't have a version number
(C). Tests are executed during deployment
(D). Unmanaged packages have a namespace prefix
(E). Components of unmanaged packages can be edited


NO.210 What metadata changes can be made directly in a production environment without
deploying from sandbox? Choose 2 answer

(a) apex trrigers
(b) visualforce pages
(c) validation rules
(d) apex classes

NO.211 Universal Containers wants to streamline its data capture process by linking fields together.
They wish to do this so that the available value on dependents fields are driven by value selected on
controlling fields. Which consideration supports the stated requirements? Choose 3 answers
(A). The import wizard only allows value to be imported into a dependent picklist if they match the
appropriate controlling field
(B). Custom picklist field can be either controlling or dependent field
(C). Multi select picklist can be dependent picklist but not controlling fields
(D). Standard and custom picklist fields can be dependent fields.
(E). Checkbox fields can be controlling fields but not dependent fields

NO.212 Universal Containers introduces a custom object called Service, which has a lookup to
Account. Field enter Service using the Salesforce1 mobile app. Operators create new Service records
when viewing Account name which needs to automatically display the current Account. How can this
be accomplished?
(A). Create an action in the Service object and add it to the Account page layout
(B). Create an action in the Service object and add it to the Service page layout
(C). Create an action in the Account object and add it to the Service page layout.
(D). Create an action in the Account object and add it to the Account page layout

NO.213 Cloud Kicks (CK) switched to Lightning Experience and started using Chatter across its global
workforce to support its fast-paced sales cycle. CK loves Chatter but struggle with gathering feedback
from core team members, including understanding who is available to respond.
Which two ways could CK use Chatter to solve this problem?





















































