오늘은 주로 테스트 코드 작성에 대한 교육을 들었다 
한숨의 번벅이였지만 짜릿했다........ㅎ

NO.186 Universal Containers wants to test code against a subnet of production data that is under 5
GB, Additionally, Universal Containers wants to refresh this sandbox every weekend.
Which type of sandbox should be used to accomplish this?
(A). Full
(B). Developer
(C). Developer Pro
(D). partial Copy

소름! 단박에 테스트 코드에 대한 문제가 나오다니 !!!

NO.187 What type of field can be used to filter a report chart that has been added to page Layout?
(A). Formula field
(B). Matching ID field
(C). Standard field
(D). Name field


NO.188 The services manager wants to make sure the team enters case priority consistently.
What feature can an app builder use to accomplish this?
(A). Path
(B). Flow
(C). Next Best Action
(D). In-App Guidance


NO.189 At Universal Containers, the Account object has a Master-Detail relationship with an Invoice
custom object. The App Builder would like to change to a lookup field, but is not able to do so. What
could be causing this?
(A). The invoice must have at least one Master-Detail field for reporting.
(B). The Account record includes Invoice roll-up summary fields.
(C). The Invoice records have existing values in the Account.
(D). The Account is included in the workflow on the Invoice object.


No 190 Uc has a customer base where many customers have the same or similar company names. which functionallity should be configured to improve an end user's search experience?
(a) update the account search layouts view filtersettings
(b) update the account search layouts search result columns displayed
(c) update the account search  filter fields
(d) update the account search  layouts accounts tab column displayed


NO.191 What may occur if workflow rules are reevaluated after a field change by afield update?
(A). A recursive loop potentially results in exceeding organizational limits.
(B). Cross-object workflow rules result in re-evaluation after field change.
(C). Workflow rules trigger validation rules on field updates.
(D). Workflow rules trigger more workflow rules to be re-evaluated.



NO.192 Universal Containers wants to its sales team to only see the accounts that they own.
Separate Month American and Environment manufacturing teams should only see accounts in their
respective regions. The Inside sales team needs to see all accounts in Salesforce.
How should an app builder accomplish this?
(A). Set the organization--Wide Default to publish for accounts. Create profiles for each Marketing
Team, and create an inside Sales Team role that is at the top of the Role Hierarchy.
(B). Set the Organization-Wide Default to private for accounts. Create permission setts for each
Marketing Team, and create an Inside Sales team Profile with the ''View All'' setting for accounts.
(C). Set the Organization Team profile Default to Private for accounts. Create criteria-based sharing
rules for each Marketing Team. and create an inside Sales Team profile with the ''View All'' setting for
accounts.
(D). Set the Organization-wide Default to public for accounts. Create criteria-based sharing rules for
each Marketing Team, and create an Inside Sales Team permission set with the ''View All'' Setting for
accounting for accounts.
(E). Set the Organization Team profile Default to Private for accounts. Create criteria-based sharing
rules for each Marketing Team. and create an inside Sales Team profile with the ''View All'' setting for
accounts.
(F). Set the Organization-wide Default to public for accounts. Create criteria-based sharing rules for
each Marketing Team, and create an Inside Sales Team permission set with the ''View All'' Setting for
accounts.


NO.193 Accounts at Universal Containers are currently readable by all users but editable only by
their owners. Management wants to designate some Accounts as VIP Accounts. Only Account owners
should have read access to these VIP accounts.
Which two actions should an app builder take to meet the requirements?
Choose 2 answers

(A). Implement a sharing rule.
(B). Configure a permission set.
(C). Set up an Account Team.
(D). Change organization-wide defaults


NO.194 The appraisal team at DreamHouse Realty wants to leverage Salesforce mobile app.
What are three things an app builder should do to optimize mobile experience?
Choose 3 answers
(A). Use Global Actions to make it easy to perform vital functionality on mobile.
(B). Avoid using default field values so that the user is required to fill in all fields on the screen.
(C). Minimize the amount of formula fields and lookup fields to reduce page load time.
(D). Create individual customized layouts for different phone operating systems.
(E). Put the most important fields in the compact layout so they are easy to find.

NO.195 Universal Containers has a Lightning record page that supports both the mobile app and
desktop. An app builder has downloaded a custom Lightning component from AppExchange, but
users are unable to view the component on mobile devices.
What can be the issue?
(A). The record page needs to be activated.
(B). The component has been developed for Desktop Pages.
(C). The component needs to be activated.
(D). The record page template is unable to support mobile devices.



NO.196 What is a use case for approval processes? Choose 2 answers.
(A). Approve expense reports automatically when less than $50.
(B). Update the PTO record field with the user's manager.
(C). Require the CFO to review the salary range for all job offers.
(D). Ensure an opportunity that has at least one product added


NO.197 At Universal containers, all US Sales reps should be able to view the US Team dashboard,
however, only the US sales directors should be able to see the data in the component and view its
source report. How can an app builder ensure the proper access is granted?
(A). Make the US Sales Director the running user and share the dashboard folder with the role US
Sales Rep
(B). Make the dashboard dynamic and give US Sales Reps the view my teams dashboard permission
(C). Share the dashboard folder with roles and subordinates of the US Sales Director and share the
report folder with the role of US Sales Director
(D). Share the dashboard with the public group US Sales Reps and share the dashboard source
reports folder with the US Sales Director profile

NO.198 Universal Containers has a junction object called Invoices with a primary Master-Detail
relationship with Accounts and a secondary Master-Detail relationship with Contacts. The app builder
has a requirement to change the primary Master-Detail relationship to Lookup.
What happens to the Master-Detail relationship with Contacts?
(A). The Contacts Master-Detail values are cleared from invoices.
(B). The Contacts Master-Detail also converts to Lookup.
(C). The Contacts Master-Detail field is deleted from the object.
(D). The Contacts Master-Detail becomes the primary.


NO.199 Which setting is available to customize Salesforce1 mobile app for branding? Choose 3
answers
(A). Header and search bar color.
(B). The image on loading page
(C). Background color on loading page.
(D). Notification and search icon
(E). Action bar color


NO.200 DreamHouse Realty (DR) is expanding into subsidized housing by partnering with local
government entitles. DR uses Sales Cloud and has enabled field history tracking on the Opportunity
object. Due to increased Information requirements, the App Dev team is changing Text Area (Long)
fields to Rich Text fields to allow for up to 1,000 characters and better descriptions.
Which two considerations should be made by the team?

(a) rich test field values of all lengths are displayed fully in reports
(B) data loss may occur when changin custom field tupes
(c) fifeld history tracking records value cahges of 255 characters or less
(d) audit trail is available through REST API extracts.



NO.201 Ursa Major Solar's sales team has been struggling to enter data on mobile since rollout; the
team dislikes scrolling through all of the fields to input only the necessary data.
How could the app builder solve this with minimal impact to desktop users?
(A). Filter components by device using Form Factor.
(B). Reorder the fields to make sense for the reps when in the field.
(C). Update the training documentation with better screenshots.
(D). Deselect the phone radio button on the Lightning record page assignment.



NO.202 universal containers is migrating its sales operations from a legacy system that was used.
opportunities need to be imported with the proper country currency. Which two steps should an app
builder configure to meet these requirements 

Choose 2 answers.
(A). Include the currency ISO code in all currency fields in the import file.
(B). Use Data Loader to import the records.
(C). Include the currency ISO Code Column in the import file.
(D). Use import the currency ISO Code Column in the import file.
(E). Use Import Wizard to import the records.

NO.203 UC has a requirement that an opportunity should have a field showing the value of its
associated account's billing state. This value should not change after the opportunity has been
created. Is there a recommended solution to configure this automated behavior?
(A). Formula field
(B). Apex
(C). Workflow
(D). Roll-up summary field

NO.205 An app builder is creating a custom object called Testimonial__c and wants to connect
Testimonial__c records with both the submitter's Contact record and Account record. If the Account
is deleted, the Testimonial__c should also be deleted. If the Contact is deleted, but the Account
remains, the Testimonial__c should remain.
How should this be accomplished?
(A). Make both the Contact and Account fields required on the Testimonial__c object and create
lookup relationships from Testimonial__c to Contact and to Account.
(B). Create a master-detail relationship from Testimonial__c to Account and a lookup relationship
from Testimonial__c to Contact.
(C). Make Testimonial__c a junction object between Account and Contact using master-detail
relationships.
(D). Create a lookup relationship from Testimonial__c to Account and a master-detail relationship
from Testimonial__c to Contact.

NO.206 Northern Trail Outfitters uses a custom object to track travel requests. Rangers want to
have automatic posts on a record whenever a travel request has been approved.
Which feature should be used to accomplish this?
(A). Auto-response rule
(B). Workflow rule
(C). Feed tracking
(D). Feed quick action



NO.207 Universal Containers's app builder has been tasked with replacing workflow rules and Apex
triggers with Process Builders where possible.
What are two important considerations an app builder should know before the project is started?
Choose 2 answers
(A). Avoid generating infinite loops.
(B). Apex has a different SOQL query limit than Flow.
(C). Create a process for each workflow rule.
(D). Combine actions when possible.

NO.208 Ann app builder has been to display an overdue date that is two months after a tasks due
date. Which approach should the app builder take?
(A). Use process builder and set overdue date equal to DueDate + ((365/12)*2)
(B). Create a formula field using DueDate + 60
(C). Use process builder and set overdue Date equal to DueDate + 60
(D). Create a formula field using the ADDMONTHS () function


NO.209 Universal Container installs an unmanaged package. Which of the following are true:
(choose 2)
(A). Unmanaged packages can be upgraded
(B). Unmanaged packages don't have a version number
(C). Tests are executed during deployment
(D). Unmanaged packages have a namespace prefix
(E). Components of unmanaged packages can be edited



NO.210 What metadata changes can be made directly in a production environment without
deploying from sandbox? Choose 2 answers
(a) apex trigger
(b) visualforce pages
(C) validation rules
(d) apex classes

NO.211 Universal Containers wants to streamline its data capture process by linking fields together.
They wish to do this so that the available value on dependents fields are driven by value selected on
controlling fields. Which consideration supports the stated requirements? Choose 3 answers
(A). The import wizard only allows value to be imported into a dependent picklist if they match the
appropriate controlling field
(B). Custom picklist field can be either controlling or dependent field
(C). Multi select picklist can be dependent picklist but not controlling fields
(D). Standard and custom picklist fields can be dependent fields.
(E). Checkbox fields can be controlling fields but not dependent fields


NO.212 Universal Containers introduces a custom object called Service, which has a lookup to
Account. Field enter Service using the Salesforce1 mobile app. Operators create new Service records
when viewing Account name which needs to automatically display the current Account. How can this
be accomplished?
(A). Create an action in the Service object and add it to the Account page layout
(B). Create an action in the Service object and add it to the Service page layout
(C). Create an action in the Account object and add it to the Service page layout.
(D). Create an action in the Account object and add it to the Account page layou


NO.213 Cloud Kicks (CK) switched to Lightning Experience and started using Chatter across its global
workforce to support its fast-paced sales cycle. CK loves Chatter but struggle with gathering feedback
from core team members, including understanding who is available to respond.
Which two ways could CK use Chatter to solve this problem?
Choose 2 answers
(A). Streams
(B). Polls
(C). Out of Office
(D). Topics

NO.214 the services manager would like to highlight case age. When a case is new, they would like
to see a green flag on the case record. The flag should be yellow if the case is still open after one day.
Tha flag should be red when cases are open after three days. Which two options should an app
builder use to implement this requirements? Choose 2
(A). Image
(B). Formula field
(C). Quick action
(D). VLOOKUP

NO.215 Universal Containers (UC) wants to build a Recruiting app that allows for multiple Positions
to appear on custom objects Websites and Postings. UC requires a report that shows the related
custom objects of Postings.
Which two items should an app builder configure to implement this?
Choose 2 answers
(A). Configure a Postings object with Master-Detail field to both Positions and Websites.
(B). Configure a Postings object with Lookup field to both Positions and Websites.
(C). Create two new Custom Report Types.
(D). Utilize the Standard Report Types



NO.216 At Universal Containers, the VP of Service has requested a visual indicator flag on each case,
based on the case priority. High-priority cases should be flagged red, medium-priority should be
flagged yellow, and low-priority cases should be flagged green. Which formula would accomplish this
requirement? Choose 2 answers
(A). CASE( Priority, "Low", "img/samples/flag_green.gif", "Medium", "img/samples/flag_yellow.gif",
"High", "img/samples/flag_red.gif", "/s.gif")
(B). IMAGE( IF(ISPICKVAL(Priority, "Low"), "img/samples/flag_green.gif", IF(ISPICKVAL(Priority,
"Medium"), "img/samples/flag_yellow.gif", IF(ISPICKVAL(Priority, "High"),
"img/samples/flag_red.gif"))), "Priority Flag")
(C). IF(ISPICKVAL(Priority, "Low"), "img/samples/flag_green.gif", IF(ISPICKVAL(Priority, "Medium"),
"img/samples/flag_yellow.gif", IF(ISPICKVAL(Priority, "High"), "img/samples/flag_red.gif", "/s.gif")))
(D). IMAGE(CASE( Priority, "Low", "img/samples/flag_green.gif", "Medium",
"img/samples/flag_yellow.gif", "High", "img/samples/flag_red.gif", "Priority Flag")

NO.217 On the Account Lightning record page, users need to see ten fields and the ability to sort
and wrap text on their Related Lists.
What Related List type would the app builder select for the Related List Lightning component?
(A). Enhanced List
(B). Basic List
(C). ListVlew
(D). List Class

NO.218 The convert button on leads should NOT appear until the lead status picklist is set to a
qualified. What should an app builder suggest to meet these requirements?
(A). Picklist dependency, page layouts, record types
(B). Custom button, validation rule, record types
(C). Process builder field update, quick action, record type
(D). Page layout, record types, process builder field update



NO.219 Which two are a capability of record types? Choose two answers
(A). Having multiple record types on the record
(B). Displaying different page layouts
(C). Filtering picklist values
(D). Displaying different field labels


NO.220 which two rules can be configured for the Opportunity object?
(a) Escalation Rule
(b) Assignment Rule
(c) Workflow RUle
(d) Validation rule



NO.221 Universal Containers wants to rollout new product bundles with several pricing options.
Pricing options include product-price bundles, account specific pricing and more. Which product
satisfies the needs?
(A). Workflow on Opportunity/Opportunity Product
(B). Formula fields on Opportunity/Opportunity Product
(C). Lightning process builder
(D). Custom AppExchange-app for product-pricing



NO.222 A production org includes custom objects containing confidential Information. A sandbox h
needed that Includes data records, excludes all of the confidential objects, and can be refreshed
weekly the confidential objects, and can be refreshed weekly.
What steps should an App Builder take to meet these requirements?
(A). Create a Full Sandbox and use a sandbox template
(B). Create a Developer Pro Sandbox and schedule Data loader to download selected object data
weekly.
(C). Create a Partial Copy Sandbox and use a sandbox template.
(D). Create a Developer Sandbox and schedule Data loader to download selected object data weekly.

NO.223 An app builder is creating a Lightning record page and has added Mobile & Lightning Actions
to the page layout.
What two components could be included on the layout to display the actions?
Choose 2 answers
(A). Highlights panel
(B). Chatter
(C). Activities
(D). Path

NO.224 The VP of Sales wants a Chatter post to the All Sales private group when an Opportunity
goes to the closed won stage.
What two tools should the app builder use to automate this process?
Choose 2 answers
(A). Workflow
(B). Flow
(C). Big Deal Alert
(D). Process Builder

NO.225 UVC uses a custom object to track site visits, When the status of a site visit ischanged from
"in process " to "On hold " the business wants the site visit owner tobe automatically assigned to an
"On hold " Queue. Which capability can be used toaccomplish this?
(A). Assignment rule
(B). Action
(C). Visual workflow
(D). Apex Trigger

NO.226 How many charts can you embed into the account page layout?
(A). 1
(B). 2
(C). 3
(D). 4

NO.227 An app builder received a request to extend record access beyond the organization-wide
defaults configured. Which two features satisfy this requirement?
Choose 2 answers
(A). Sharing Rules
(B). Public Groups
(C). Permission Set Groups
(D). Manual Sharing Rules




NO.228 universal containers has 20 different workflows on the opportunity object. To ensure that
updates are processing properly for all field updates uc has the re-evaluete workflow rules after field
change checkbox checked. Recently after adding a new workflow, users have reported receiving
errors about workflow limits. What should a app builder look at so address this?
(A). Talk to a developer about apex code issues
(B). Number of workflows per object limits
(C). Workflows that cause each other to fire back and forth recursively
(D). Workflows on other objects that are being re triggered


NO.229 Universal Containers is setting up Salesforce for the first time. Management wants the sales
and marketing have different navigation menus in the Salesforce 1 mobile app. Which option is
available for an App Builder to satisfy this requirement?
(A). Create mobile navigation menus for both sales and marketing profile
(B). Create sales and marketing profiles to ensure read access to different objects
(C). Create public group for Sales and Marketing and create mobile navigation menus for each group
(D). Create roles for sales and marketing and assign a custom home page layout for each profile

-> b

NO.230 Which two places can an app builder go to see a list of available Custom Lightning
components in their org?
Choose 2 answers

(a) visualforce components in Setup
(b) lightning component generator
(c) lightning app builder
(d) lightning components in Setup


NO.231 An app builder has created a custom Lightning App and wants to make it available to the
internal users at Universal Containers.
Which two steps are necessary to accomplish this task7
Choose 2 answers
(A). Add the app to a Visualforce page.
(B). Upload the app to Static Resources.
(C). Create a subdomain using My Domain.
(D). Build a Custom Tab for the app.

NO.232 Universal containers needs to flag leads with one or more business areas. They need to add
a field to capture these to the lead records. There is no need to report on this field. What is the
appropriate field type?
(A). Radio Buttons(multi-select)
(B). Picklist
(C). Text Area
(D). Picklist (multi-select)

아이언이 해준 설명을 remind,,코드를 만약에 flag한다면 디스크립션을 다는것도 다른 사람이 notice 할 수 있는것임ㅎ

NO.233 Which three Salesforce functionalities are ignored when process field updates in workflow
rules and approval processes?
(A). Multiple currencies
(B). Field-Level Security
(C). Validation Rules
(D). Record type picklist value assignments
(E). Decimal places and character limits

NO.234 The app builder at Ursa Major Solar has just created a master-detail relationship between a
parent object Galaxy__c and child object Star__c.
What would be the effect of creating this type of relationship if users want to report on Galaxy__c
with Star__c?
(A). A Star__c report type with Galaxy__c as a field will be automatically created.
(B). A new custom report type will need to be created for Star__c with lookup fields from Galaxy__c.
(C). A Galaxy__c with Star__c report type will be automatically created.
(D). A new custom report type will need to be created for Galaxy__c with Star__c


NO.235 What can be done after the workflow field re-evaluation?
(A). Option 1
(B). Trigger another rule
(C). Out of hour limit (loop)
(D). Invalid data

NO.236 Which sandbox is used for performance testing?
(A). Developer
(B). Full
(C). Partial
(D). Developer Pro

NO.237 Universal containers has a custom picklist called support level on the account object. They
would like to show the real time value of support level on all case records. How can an app builder
implement this requirement?
(A). Create a roll-up summary field using support level on the account object
(B). Create a formula field on the case object using the TEXT function.
(C). Create a process builder and use a field update on the case object.
(D). Create a formula field on the account object using the ISPICKVAL function

NO.238 An App Builder has been asked to integrate Salesforce with an external web service. The
web service must be notified every time an Opportunity is Won. Which two can satisfy this
requirement?
(A). Use a workflow rule and an outbound message
(B). Use a flow and an outbound message
(C). Use a process and Apex Code
(D). Use a process and an outbound message

NO.239 Universal container needs to update a field on an account when an opportunity stage is
changed to close lost. What can be used to accomplish this requirement? Choose 2
(A). Lightning Process Builder
(B). Approval Process
(C). Assignment Rules
(D). Workflow Rule


NO.240 An app builder at Cloud Kicks created a custom object and related fields in the schema
builder. What next steps should the app build take to ensure users can access the new object and fields7

(a) create a permission set for access to the object and fields
(b) allow reporting for the object and fields
(c) assign data types to the fields on the project
(d) add the fields to the page layout on the object



NO.241 What salesforce functionality is ignored when processing field updates in workflow rules
and approval processes? Choose 3 answers
(A). Validation Rules
(B). Decimal Places and Character Limits
(C). Record Type Picklist Value Assignments
(D). Multiple Currencies
(E). Field Level Security


NO.242 A customer service representative at a call center would like to be able tocollect information
from customers using a series of questionprompts.
What could be used to accomplish this?
(A). Workflow Rules
(B). Visual Workflow
(C). Lightning Connect
(D). Lightning Process Builder


NO.243 The developer at Universal Containers wants to test code in a sandbox environment. In
order to ensure the code works properly, the sandbox needs to have at least half a gigabyte of dat a.
The sandbox will need to be refreshed after each three-day sprint.
What type of sandbox should the App Builder provision to the developer?
(A). Developer
(B). Full Copy
(C). Developer Pro
(D). Partial Data


NO.244 Managers at Universal Containers want a quick way to create additional accounts to form a
hierarchy from a Parent Account record. They want to auto-populate five fields based on the parent
to make it easier for users to create the child accounts quickly.
What should the app builder recommend?
(A). Add Path on Account hierarchy
(B). Create a custom action
(C). Customize a Global Quick Action
(D). Add a custom link on Account
정답 모름ㅋ



NO.245 The previous administrator of Cloud Kicks' (CK) Salesforce Organization used text as the field
type when creating new custom fields. CK's current roadmap requires a project that will clean this up
during the Lightning migration.
Which three field types should be considered to keep better track of contact information in fields?
Choose 3 answers
(A). Time
(B). Number
(C). Phone
(D). Date
(E). Email

NO.246 The recruiters at Universal Containers have requested that the candidate list view match the
look and feel of the employee referral web page. What can be used to accomplish this?
(A). Page Layouts
(B). Visualforce
(C). Record Types
(D). Publisher Actions



NO.247 Universal Containers wants to improve the process to create Opportunity records related to
an Account. Many fields can be populated based on the Account record. Some fields require input
from the user.
What should an app builder configure to meet the requirement?
(A). Process Builder triggered from Opportunity update
(B). Quick Action on the Account object
(C). Quick Action on the Opportunity object
(D). Process Builder triggered from Account update


NO.249 Universal containers has a custom object that has a N:M relationship with
opportunityLineItem carrying price and amount information. In order to compute total amounts and
total prices per Opportunity using Rollup summary fields, what field type will you use.
(A). Crossobject
(B). Master-Detail
(C). Lookup
(D). Junction


NO.250 Universal Containers manages internal projects by department using a customobject called
projects. Only employees in the project's respective departmentshould have view access to all of the
department's project records. If an employeechanges job roles and moves to another department,
the employee should nolonger have access to the projects within their former department. How can
theserequirements be met assuming the organization wide default for projects is set to private?


(A) create a criteria-based sharing rule using the project's departament that grants access to users by permission sets
(b) create a criteria-based sharing rule using the project's departament that grants access to users by public groups
(c) create a criteria-based sharing rule using the project's departament that grants access to users by profiles
(d) create a criteria-based sharing rule using the project's departament that grants access to users by roles


NO.251 What is a feature that can extend record access beyond the organization-wide defaults?
Choose 2 Answers
(A). Public or private groups.
(B). Criteria-based sharing rules.
(C). Owner-based sharing rules.
(D). Dynamic role hierarchy



NO.252 An app builder has created a report for sales people to view records from the custom
object, some users have complained that they are unable to see all of the appropriate records. What
steps should be taken to ensure data visibility within the report? Choose 3 Answers
(A). Check organization-wide defaults
(B). Check the user's profile for object settings.
(C). Check the report folder sharing settings
(D). Check reports filter
(E). Check Sharing rules

NO.255 Duplicate management for Leads has been Implemented at Universal Containers that it
seems duplicate leads are still being created, the org Wide Default (WOD) is set to ''Private'' for
Leads.
Which two actions help prevent duplicate leads from being created?
Choose 2 answers
(A). Change the lead Matching Rule to Block on Create.
(B). Change the Lead Duplicate Rule details to Bypass Sharing Rules.
(C). Change OWD for Leads to Public Edit.
(D). Change OWD for Leads to public Read.

NO.256 An app builder has a custom component they want to make available on the utility bar, but
the component is unavailable.
How should the component be tagged?
(A). For use on record pages.
(B). For use in Lightning App Builder.
(C). For use on the utility bar.
(D). For use in App Manager


NO.257 An app builder needs a custom solution and is considering using community. Ease of
updates is the primary consideration.
What should the app builder consider?
(A). A managed package from AppExchange
(B). An unmanaged package from AppExchange
(C). An open-source unmanaged package
(D). An open-source custom development

NO.258 In order to create an App Launcher component in Lightning what must an admin do?
(A). Contact Salesforce to have the component activated for the Lightning App Builder.
(B). Navigate to Setup-Customize-User Interface to enable the component for the Lightning App
Builder.
(C). Purchase a license for the Lightning App Builder.
(D). Join the pilot Lightning App Builder team.

NO.259 UVC uses a custom object to track expense reports. They would like to automatically post
updates in a record's feed whenever an expense report has been approved. Which social feature can
be used to accomplish this?
(A). Auto-response rule
(B). Approval Process
(C). Feed Quick Action
(D). Feed Tracking


NO.260 Ursa Major Solar wants to automate a welcome email to new clients and include a
customized survey about their buying experience. An app builder is tasked with this project and has
very little time to build the solution from scratch.

(a) work with a developer to create custom apex code and a visualforce survey to meet criteria
(b) build the survey declaratively and use a workflow rule to send it to the customer as an external message to meet criteria
(c) select an unmanaged package from appexchange that closed meets the requirements of the project that allows promrammatic development
(d) choose a managed package from app exchange that closely meets the requirements of the project and restrics programmatic development.



NO.261 Universal Containers conduct evaluations of their sales reps using a custom object
consisting of numerical scores and executive comments. The company wants to ensure that only the
sales reps, and their manager's executive can view the rep's evaluation record but the reps should
not be able to view the executive comment field on their review. How can these requirement be
met?
(A). Use a private sharing model granting record access using hierarchy; manage field access with
record types and field-level security
(B). Use a private sharing model granting record access using custom setting; manage field access
with page layouts and field level security
(C). Use a private sharing model granting record access using hierarchy; manage field access with
field-level security
(D). Use a private sharing model granting record access using custom setting; manage field access
with record types and page layouts


NO.262 Universal con has purchased a lighting component on the appExchange. Where can that
component be utilized? (Choose 2)
(A). Lightning process builder
(B). Salesforce1 mobile app
(C). Salesforce lighting app
(D). Visual workflow


NO.263 To synchronize accounts, orders, and shipments in real time, a developer hasbuilt a custom
interface between an external system and salesforce. Prior todeployment, the developer needs to
confirm that the interface can sustain thesyncing of thousands of records at a time. Which sandbox
environment isrecommended to complete performance and load testing?
(A). Full sandbox
(B). Partial sandbox
(C). Developer sandbox
(D). Developer pro sandbox

NO.264 Which two features can be used to allow users to access Visual Workflows? Choose 2
answers
(A). Custom Button
(B). Invoked by Process
(C). Visual Workflow Launcher
(D). Quick Action


NO.265 DreamHouse Realty is rethinking its sandbox utilization strategy after acquiring Cloud Kicks.
The Salesforce COE already utilizes a partial and a full sandbox, which it refreshes on their own
regular schedules. Teams are expanding and have to begin each of their small projects in a sandbox
before committing to the larger pool for collaborative testing while still keeping costs down.
What type of sandbox should each team member use?
(A). Full sandbox
(B). Developer sandbox
(C). Developer pro sandbox
(D). Partial sandbox


NO.266 What type of field can be used to filter a Report Chart that has been added to a Page
Layout?
(A). Name Field
(B). Formula Field
(C). Matching ID Field
(D). Standard Field


NO.267 When an opportunity close date is delayed by more than 60 days, the manager and the VP
sales must approve the change. How can this requirement be met? Choose 2 answers
(A). Build an approval process that requires unanimous approval from the manager and VP of sales.
(B). Create a workflow rule that checks for close date less that 60 days and add an email alert.
(C). Create a lightning process builder flow that submits the record for an approval process
(D). Build a validation rule that does not allow a user to save the opportunity record.


NO.268 An app builder is tasked with adding key performance indicators on client pages. They want
to see a summary of the number of open Opportunities and the number of won Opportunities for
each Account.
Where should the app builder go to build these new rollups?
(A). Lightning App Builder
(B). Account Object
(C). Lightning Object Creator
(D). Opportunity Object



NO.269 Universal Containers allows users to create standard reports on demand
What are three considerations users should be aware of when creating a new report?
Choose 3 answers
(A). Records will be available in the report regardless of security permissions
(B). The report type determines the types of records and fields that will be available.
(C). Users can require that child objects exist for patent records using a cross filter.
(D). Users will need to add the report to a shared folder for other users to see It.
(E). Charts can be added to summary reports to provide a visualization.


NO.270 An app builder wants to show groups as the last navigation menu item in the salesforce1
mobile app. however, the app builder is not able to select groups as one of the items on the dropdown menu. What could cause this?

(a) groups is showing up in the recent section and not in the navigation meny
(b) groups is not included in the selecte create a criteria based sharing rule using the projects deparment that grd list for navigation menu
(c) groups is included in the smart search items but not on the navigation menu
(d) groups cannot be the last item in the navigation menu


NO.271 accounts and a secondary master detail relationship with contacts. The app builder has
requirement to change the primary master relationship to lookup. What happens to the master detail
relationship with contacts?
(A). The contacts master detail field is deleted from the object
(B). The contacts master detail becomes the primary
(C). The contacts master detail also converts to lookup
(D). The contacts master detail values are cleared from invoice


NO.272 What is a true statement regarding master-detail relationships? Choose 3 answers
(A). Master-detail relationship can be convert to a lookup relationship if no roll-up summary fields
exist on the master object
(B). Master-detail relationships cannot be converted to a look-up relationship
(C). A master-detail relationship cannot be created if the custom object on the detail side already
contains data
(D). Standard objects can be on the detail side of a custom object in a master-details relationship
(E). Deleting a master record in a master-detail relationship deletes all related detail records



NO.273 UVC's CFO has asked that all deals with more than a 40% discount get automatically sent to
the VP of Finance. He will review these deals without the sales rep needing to take action. Which two
ways can this be accomplished without building code? Choose two answer

(A). Launch a new approval process that has automatic submission enabled as an initial submission
action
(B). Create a new process with a submit for approval action to automatically submit deals for
approval
(C). Create a new approval process that has automatic submission enabled in the entry criteria
(D). Launch a flow that uses the submit for approval action to submit deals for approval

NO.274 Which statements are true regarding Roll-Up Summary fields? (select all thatapply)
(A). Once created, you cannot change the detail object selected or delete any field referenced in your
roll-up summary definition.
(B). Because roll-up summary fields are not displayed on edit pages, you can use them in validation
rules.
(C). Validation errors can display when saving either the detail or master record.
(D). Advanced currency management has no affect on roll-up summary fields.

NO.275 In order to delete the Opportunities, Universal Containers would like sales reps to submit
requests for approval from their sales manager. What can be used to meet these requirements?
(A). Approval Process with Time-Dependent workflow action.
(B). Approval Process with Apex Trigger.
(C). Two-step Approval process.
(D). Process Builder with Submit for Approval action

NO.276 What the true statement is in regards to converting a tabular, summary, or matrix report to
a joined report? Choose 3 answers
(A). Joined report blocks are formatted as matrix reports.
(B). Bucket fields are not supported in joined reports.
(C). Cross filters are not supported in joined reports
(D). The rows to display filter is not supported in Joined reports
(E). Report formula fields are nor supported in Joined reports

NO.278 An app builder has deployed a change set from a sandbox to production. There is a long
delay in the deployment.
What can be causing the delay?
(A). Profiles are included in the change set.
(B). A field type change is included in the change set.
(C). Dependent fields are included in the change set.
(D). Roles are included in the change set.





























