NO.300 Universal containers uses a private Account sharing model. They have a Process
Improvement team with representatives from multiple departments that need s to view all accounts
that have been flagged as problem accounts. How should this team be granted access to the records?

(A) User a record owner sharing rule that is shared with process improvement public group
(B) Write a trigger to use apex managed sharing to grant access with the process improvement team
(c) use a criteria based sharing rule where the account are shared with the process improvement team.
(d) use a record owner sharing that is shared with the process improvement role
(e) option 5

NO.301 Universal Containers has created the custom objects Candidate and Interview in Salesforce
to track candidates and interviews respectively. The company wants to track the total number of
interviews a candidate has gone through on the candidate record without writing any code. How can
app builder accomplish this requirements? Choose 2 answers
(A). Use a roll-up summary field on the candidate record to show the total number of interviews.
(B). Use a master-detail relationship between the Candidate and the Interview objects.
(C). Use a lookup relationship between the Candidate and Interview objects
(D). Use a formula field on the candidate record to show the total number of interviews

NO.302 What should an app builder do to upgrade an unmanaged package that has been installed
into production?
(A). Uninstall the current version and install the new version.
(B). Install the new version to a Developer org then deploy to production.
(C). Click the update link on the Installed Packages page.
(D). Install the new version in a sandbox then deploy to production


NO.303 Need to change ownership when field of custom object changed.
(A). Apex trigger
(B). Assignment Rule
(C). Validation Rule
(D). Visual Workflow

NO.175 Where can a custom button be placed? Choose 3 answers
(A). On the User Object
(B). On the Custom List View
(C). On a Person Account
(D). On a related list

NO.304 Where custom buttons can be placed? (Choose 3)
(A). Web to case
(B). Record page
(C). Personal account
(D). Related object

NO.408 When a sales rep submits an account for approval, Universal Containers wants the user to
answer additional questions via a popup window to populate additional record fields.
What should an app builder use to achieve the desired result?
(A). Process Builder and Flow
(B). Lightning component and Process Builder
(C). Custom picklist field and Process Builder
(D). Custom button and Flow

NO.305 Universal Containers wants to build a recruiting app that allows for multiple positions to
appear on custom objects websites and postings. UC requires a report that shows the related custom
objects of postings. Which two items should an app builder configure to implement this?
(A). Utilize the standard report type
(B). Create two new custom report type
(C). Configure a postings object with master detail field to both positions and websites
D). Configure a postings object with lookup field to both positions and websites

NO.306 What is the capability of schema Builder? Choose 2 Answers
(A). Showing selected objects on the page.
(B). Editing custom settings
(C). Viewing page layout in a new window
(D). Creating a new record type

NO.162 What is a capability of schema builder? (Select 2)
(A). To update descriptions of standard and custom objects
(B). To modify custom field help text on standard objects
(C). To enable field history tracking on standard objects
(D). To create new lookup or master-detail object relationships

NO.171 What are the limitations of Schema Builder when creating a custom object?
(A). "Save" should be clicked each time a new object, field, or relationship is created.
(B). Fields and relationships can be created, but they will be unable to add the fields to the page
layout from the canvas.
(C). Relationships can be made to any custom objects, but any relationships to standard objects
should be built in Lightning Object Manager.
(D). Custom fields can be added to any custom objects, excluding formula field types

NO.307 Universal Container wants to display a message when a case needs follow up. What can be
used to display different text on the case record depending on the number of days a case is opened?
(A). Formula Field
(B). Workflow Update
(C). Case Process
(D). Lightning Process Builder
NO.308 What is true statement regarding master - detail relationship? Choose 3 answers
(A). A master-detail relationship cannot be created if the custom object on the detail side already
contains data.
(B). A master - detail relationship cannot be converted to a look-up relationship
(C). Deleting a master record in a master detail relationship deletes all related detail records
(D). Standard objects can be on the detail side of the custom object in a master-detail relationship
(E). Master-detail relationship can convert to a look -up relationship if no roll-up summary field exist


NO.309 A recently refreshed partial sandbox at Cloud Kicks has no data In the custom object
Shipping. Checking In production, there are two million rows of data in the object.
What could be the reason the data Is missing?
(A). The sandbox was refreshed too early.
(B). The selected objects in the sandbox template.
(C). The Partial sandbox is at capacity.
(D). The sandbox is still populating data.


NO.310 Universal Containers wants to track installation information once it container has been
purchased on a custom object. Sales reps should have visibility of all the installation with their
opportunities.
visibility of all the installations associated with their opportunities.
What kind of relationship should this new object have to the Opportunity?
(a)look up
(b) hierachical
(c) master detail
(d) many to many


NO.311 Cloud Kicks (CK) tracks the support level of its customers on the account record page. CK
wants to show a text notification on a case record page when the related account is a platinum-level
customer.
How could an app builder meet this requirement?
(A). Add a rich text area to the Case Lighting page > Set the component visibility of the rich text area
to show when the account support level is platinum.
(B). Create a text-only Visualforce page > Drag the Visualforce component into the Case page layout >
Set its visibility to show when the account support level is platinum.
(C). Create a text-only Visualforce page > Clone the case page layout > Drag the Visualforce
component into the page, and assign the layout to platinum cases.
(D). Clone the Case Lightning page > Add a rich text area to the new page, and assign this page to
platinum accounts.


NO.312 An app builder wants to deploy a new version of an auto launched flow production in an
active state so that the new functionality is immediately available to users.
What should the app builder take into consideration when planning the deployment?
(A). Verify there is an apex test that provides test coverage for the flow
(B). Include the profile that access the flow in the deployment
(C). Verify there is a static resource that provides test coverage for the flow
(D). Include the process builder calling the flow in the deployment


NO.313 Cloud Kicks has a sales rep who is stating that their Contact is unavailable for other users to
see within Salesforce.
In which three ways can an app builder troubleshoot this issue?
Choose 3 answers
(A). Create an Account Sharing Rule to give the users access to all records.
(B). Confirm whether Default Organization-Wide Sharing Settings provide access to the Account.
(C). Review the Contact record and ensure it is linked to an Account.
(D). Verify the users with the issue have access to the Contact object. D.
(E). Create a new Contact and have the users try again.

NO.314 For which report types custom summary formulas are available? (Choose 3)
(A). Joined
(B). Summary
(C). Tabular
(D). Matrix
NO.316 Sales reps at Cloud Kicks (CK) forget to submit for approval when CK needs orders reviewed
before close won. CK wants to automatically submit opportunities into the Secure Commitment Stage
to eliminate manual submission.
Which three features would meet the business requirements?
Choose 3 answers
(A). Workflow
(B). Process Builder
(C). Apex
(D). Chatter action
(E). Flow


NO.354 At UVC, multiple departments utilize the Case object for different purposes. Some users
submit cases while other users provide customer support with case records. What is the minimum
required configuration for an App Builder to enable different users to see different fields, based on
the case type?
(A). Record Types, Page Layouts, Case Teams and Profiles
(B). Record Types, Page Layouts, Field Sets and Profiles
(C). Record Types, Page Layouts, Support Process and Profiles
(D). Record Types, Page Layouts, Permission Sets and Profiles


NO.27 When an opportunity is closed date is pushed more than 30 days, manager approval is
required. An approval process is in place but reps frequently forget to submit for approval to run the
process.
How can an app builder ensure that these opportunities are submitted into the approval process?
(A). Change the entry criteria on the approval process to criteria are met and lock the record on initial
submission.
(B). Use a validation rule and an email alert to the manager requesting approval.
(C). Submit the record for approval from an automated process.
(D). Give the manager the "API Enabled" permission to permit approval responses by email.
NO.316 Sales reps at Cloud Kicks (CK) forget to submit for approval when CK needs orders reviewed
before close won. CK wants to automatically submit opportunities into the Secure Commitment Stage
to eliminate manual submission.
Which three features would meet the business requirements?
Choose 3 answers
(A). Workflow
(B). Process Builder
(C). Apex
(D). Chatter action
(E). Flow

NO.153 At Universal Containers, multiple departments utilize the Case object for different purposes.
Some users submit cases for IT and HR requests. Other users provide customer support with case
records. How can an App Builder enable different users to see different fields, based on the case
type?
(A). Create different case record types for IT, HR and Customer Support. Assign different page layouts
to each record type by profile.
(B). Create different case field sets for IT, HR and Customer Support. Assign different field sets by
profile.
(C). Create different case record types for IT, HR and Customer Support. Assign different page layouts
to each record type by role.
(D). Create different case field sets for IT, HR and Customer Support. Assign different field sets by role.



NO.317 An app builder needs to change the data types of a few custom fields. The appbuilder is not
able to delete and recreate any of the fields, nor modify any apexcode. Which data type change will
require the app builder to perform additionalsteps in order to retain existing functionality?
(A). Changing the data type of a field used in a report from text to an encrypted field
(B). In lead conversion from number to text
(C). In an apex class from number to text
(D). As an external ID from number to text

NO.319 A production org includes custom objects containing confidential information. A sandbox ix
needed that includes data records, excludes all of the confidential objects, and can be refreshed
weekly?
(A). Create a partial copy sandbox and use a sandbox template
(B). Create a full sandbox and use a sandbox template
(C). Create a developer pro sandbox and schedule loader to download selected object data weekly
(D). Create a developer sandbox and schedule data loader to download selected object data weekly.


NO.321 Cloud Kicks (CK) is finding sales reps are inconsistent in data entry when deals are won. CK
requires that custom shoes are shipped within two weeks after the close date. A custom field called
Scheduled Ship Date on the opportunity records the ship date.
How should the app builder ensure this field is properly filled out before setting the opportunity to
closed won?
(A). OR(ISPICKVAL( StageName /'Closed Won") && ( Scheduled_Ship_Date__c - CloseDate ) > 14,
ISBLANK(Scheduled_Ship_Date__c))
(B). OR(ISPICKVAL( StageName ="Closed Won") && ( Scheduled_Ship_Date__c - CloseDate ) > 14,
ISBLANK(Scheduled_Ship_Date__c))
(C). ISPICKVAL( StageName /'Closed Won") && ( Scheduled_Ship_Date_c - CloseDate ) > 14
(D). ISPICKVAL( StageName ="Closed Won") && ( CloseDate-Scheduled_Ship_Date__c ) > 14

NO.322 Universal Containers created a 'New Task' custom action on the Opportunity object. The
action was added to all page layouts in the Mobile & Lightning Actions section.
Which Lightning component should the app builder add to the layout to display the action?
(A). Related record
(B). Related lists
(C). Highlights panel
(D). Activities

NO.323 Ursa Major Solar wants to convert the relationship between Galaxy and Star from a lookup
relationship to a master-detail relationship so each Galaxy record can be equipped with a roll-up
summary count of Star records.
Which two considerations should be made?
Choose 2 answers
(A). The Star records are all required to have an existing value in their Galaxy field.
(B). The Galaxy object has fewer than two existing master-detail relationships.
(C). The Galaxy object is required to contain existing roll-up summary fields.
(D). The Star object has fewer than two existing master-detail relationships.

NO.324 Which statement is true about field update actions from workflow rules and approval
processes? Choose 2 answers
(A). Field update with "re-evaluate workflow rules" selected can cause a recursive loop if the updated
field is included in a workflow.
(B). Field update are not available on currency field if the organization uses multi-currency
(C). Field updates to records based on workflow rules and approval processes do not trigger
validation rules
(D). Field updates are tracked in the history related list of a record regardless of whether or not
History tracking is set for those fields.

NO.325 An app builder is preparing to deploy a new app from the sandbox to production using
change sets.
What two considerations should an app builder keep in mind during this process?
Choose 2 answers
(A). Salesforce Connect automatically establishes a link between environments.
(B). Change sets do not include all components and may have to perform some changes manually.
(C). Users should be logged out of production when receiving inbound change sets.
(D). Transactions will revert if the deployment errors.


NO.326 Universal Containers (UC) tracks Account locations in Zip Code, a custom text field with a
validation rule to enforce proper formatting of the US ZIP+4 code for UC's orders.
What formula should the app builder create on Order to display only the first five digits of Zip Code
from the parent Account?
(A). BEGINS(Account.Zip_Code_r, 5)
(B). TEXT(Account.Zip_Code_c, 5)
(C). LEFT(Account.Zip_Code_c, 5)
(D). LPAD(Account.Zip_Code__r, 5)

NO.327 Universal Containers needs the 18-digit record ID from Opportunity records when exporting
data to Excel in order to ensure each record is treated uniquely.
What formula should an app builder use to create this new field?
(A). ISNUMBER(Id)
(B). CASESAFEID(Id)
(C). TEXT(Id)
(D). VALUE(Id


NO.328 Which rule can be configured for the Opportunity object? Choose 2 answers
(A). Escalation Rule
(B). Workflow Rule
(C). Validation Rule
(D). Assignment Rule
Answer: B,C

NO.329 What is a use case for approval processes?
(A). Roll-up summary fields can only be created on the master of a master-detail relationship.
(B). The roll-up summary field inherits the field - level security of the child object
(C). Changes to the value of a roll-up summary field column of roll-up summary filters.
(D). Multi-select picklist fields can be used in the field column of roll-up summary filter


NO.330 in order to delete a record smth needs to be approved
(A) approval with apex trigger
(B) approval with workflow
끝ㅋ

NO.331 An App Builder at UVC would like to prevent users from creating new records on an Account
related list by overriding standard buttons. Which two should the App Builder consider before
overriding standard buttons?
(A). Standard buttons can be changed on lookup dialogs, list views, and search result layouts
(B). Standard buttons can be overridden with a Visualforce page
(C). Standard buttons that are not available for overrides can still be hidden on page layouts
(D). Standard buttons can be overridden, relocated on the detail page, and relabeled


NO.332 Universal Con conducts evaluations of their sales reps using a custom objectconsisting of
numerical scores and executive comments. The company wants toensure that only the sales reps,
their managers,and their managers' executives canview the rep's evaluation record, but the reps
should not be able to view the executive comment field on their review.
(A). Use a private sharing model granting record across using hierarchy, managefield access with
record types and field-level security
(B). Use a private sharing model granting access using customer settings, managefield access with
page layouts and field-level security
(C). Using custom settings, manage field access with record types and pagelayouts
(D). Hierarchy, manage field access with field-level security

NO.333 Universal Containers assigns system access via permission sets and permission set groups to
ensure each user has proper access. One department with varying levels of support staff has five
consistent permission sets they require in order to complete their duties. Some higher-level staff
have additional permission sets that are only required for them.
How should an app builder recommend assigning permission sets to users?
(A). Utilize the manage assignments button to assign a permission set group and additional individual
permission sets to each user.
(B). Utilize the manage assignments button to assign each user with the same set of permission set
groups and permission sets.
(C). Utilize the Data Import Wizard to mass update the desired users with their full list of permission
sets and permission set groups.
(D). Utilize the Data Loader to mass update the desired users with their full list of permission sets and permission set groups.

NO.334 DreamHouse Realty (DR) employees started using company-owned airplanes for work travel
after Ursa Major Solar was acquired. DR executives want to automate the submission travel request
forms to enforce the Internal policy.
How should an app builder automate travel requests based on these criteria?
(A). Process Builder
(B). Workflow rule
(C). Approval process
(D). Apex

NO.335 A Service Coordinator (SC) for Ursa Major Solar (UMS) does a final review of work orders
owned by a technician for a specific region before the records are submitted for an invoice. Before
closing out the work order, the SC needs to modify data or remove attachments that were added by
mistake. The SC also needs access to any other related records owned by the technician.
What solution would provide the required access, given a private data model?
(A). Give the SC a permission set with the Modify All Data system permission.
(B). Put the SC in the role hierarchy above the technicians whose work orders they review.
(C). Create a workflow rule that updates records owned by technicians in that region with the SC.
(D). Change work order access on the SC's profile to 'Modify AIl.

NO.336 Cloud Kicks received a new requirement to calculate summaries from child objects of a
standard object. The team would prefer to solve this declaratively.
What are two considerations an app builder should evaluate?
Choose 2 answers
(A). An app builder is unable to change a lookup to a master-detail relationship.
(B). An object can have up to two master-detail relationships.
(C). A trigger on save or update can kick off calculations.
(D). A value is required in all records of the lookup field prior to converting to a master-detail
relationship.


NO.337 Universal containers require different fields to be out at each of the opportunity sales
process. What configuration steps can an app builder use to meet this requirement?
(A). Create a process builder to prompt the user for filed information
(B). Define record type and page payouts for each stage
(C). Add the path component to the lightning record type
(D). Set page layout required fields based on the current stage


NO.339 The VP of Sales has requested that Account Site information should be visible onall
Opportunity records.
What is the recommended solution to meet this requirement?
(A). Cross-Object Formula Field
(B). Workflow Rule
(C). Process Builder
(D). Roll-Up Summary Field


NO.340 An app Builder creates an Account validation rule on the Industry field that will throw an
error if the length of the field is longer than 6 characters. Another App Builder creates a workflow
rule with a field update that sets the Industry field to Technology whenever the Billing City field is set
to San Francisco. What will happen the next time a sales person saves an Account with a Billing City
of San Francisco?

NO.342 What data type can be used to summarize roll-up summary. (Choose 3)
(A). Date
(B). Formula
(C). Percent
(D). Number
(E). Currency
percent number, currency

NO.62 An app builder wants to streamline the user experience by reflecting summarized calculation
of specific fields on various objects.
Which three fields types should be used in roll-up summary fields to accomplish this?
Choose 3 answer
(A). Percent
(B). Checkbox
(C). Currency
(D). Date
(E). Time

percent, currency, date

NO.168  An app builder would like to streamline the user experience by reflecting summarized
calculations of specific fields on various objects. Which field types could be used in roll-up summary
fields to accomplish this? Choose 3 answers
(A). Currency
(B). Percent
(C). Date
(D). Checkbox
(E). Time
percent, currency, date

NO.421 Which two field types can be referenced by a Roll-Up Summary field using MIN or MAX?
Choose 2 answers
(A). Date/time
(B). Formula
(C). Checkbox
(D). Percent

percent, date/time



NO.254 Which three field types should be referenced by a roll-up summary field using SUM? Choose
3 answers
(A). Percent
(B). Number
(C). Date
(D). Formula
(E). Currency

percent, currency, number

NO.104 What type of field can be referenced by a Roll-up Summary field using SUM? Choose 3
answers
(A). Formula
(B). Currency
(C). Number
(D). Percent
(E). Date

percent, currency, number


NO.343 What can be done after workflow field re-evaluation?
(A). Option 1
(B). Invalid data
(C). Trigger another rule
(D). Out of hour limit (loop)



NO.344 An app builder needs to deploy a new account detail page layout from sandbox to
production.
Which three components should an app builder include in the Change Set to ensure it deploys
successfully and visually as expected?
Choose 3 answers
(A). Detail page layout
(B). Custom fields
(C). Custom actions
(D). Lightning App Builder
(E). System administrator profile

NO.345 What may occur if workflow rules are re-evaluated after a field change by a field update?
Choose 2 answers
(A). Cross-object workflow rules result in re-evaluation after field change.
(B). Workflow rules trigger validation rules on field updates
(C). Workflow rules trigger more workflow rules to be re-evaluated.
(D). A recursive loop potentially results in exceeding organizational limits.



NO.346 SERVICE AGENTS ARE REQUIRED TO CONFIRM A USER IDENTITY BEFORE PROVIDING
SUPPORT INFORMATION OVER THE PHONE. WHAT FEATURE CAN AN APP BUILDER USE TO HELP
AGENTS MEET THIS REQUIREMENT?
(A). Include Surveys as a Case related list
(B). Case Validation Rules
(C). Add Path to the top of the Case layout
(D). Guided Action Flows on the record page


NO.347 An app builder wants to limit the amount of fields users are required to fill out when
creating a new Opportunity. Once they fill out the required fields and save, the full record page with
additional fields relevant to the Opportunity type becomes available.
How could this be accomplished?
(A). Make the Opportunity type a required field on the initial Opportunity page layout and use
automation to fill in the type field to a record type.
(B). Use different page layouts for Opportunity types based on the user profile.
(C). Once the required fields are populated, use a sharing rule to share the new fields with the user.
(D). Hide additional sections on the page layout and show the users how to manually expand them
when they want to fill in the fields in the hidden sections.

NO.348 Cloud Kicks is redefining its entire business process to convert the Manager Notes field from
a long text area field. The goal is to encourage managers to be more concise in their comments and
stay at 255 characters or less. There is preexisting information in the Manager Notes field that often
s well beyond the character limit.
What would happen to any existing information if the app builder tries to convert a preexisting long
text area field to text area?
(A). Preexisting information will truncate to the first 255 characters.
(B). Preexisting information will remain even if it was over 255 characters.
(C). Preexisting information will cause a- e-r0- -essace to poo up.
(D). Preexisting information in the field will be completely lost

NO.349 Which use case can be accomplished using a custom link?(Select 3)
(A). To create a custom visual flow
(B). Navigate to Apex trigger
(C). To create a record page
(D). To a process to update current record
(E). To external system using data of salesforce


NO.350 To increase adoption, Universal Containers is proposing changes to its Salesforce data
model to allow easier visibility for sales reps into key metrics. The proposal has three custom objects
related to the Account object, one with a master-detail, and two that are not. Each of these objects
has 15 fields they would like to summarize on the Account object.
What are two considerations for this proposal?
Choose 2 answers
(a) roll-up summaries allows MAX, Min Sum, Count and AVG
(b) an object can have 20 object reference.
(c) an object can have 25 roll-up summaries
(d) roll-up summaries are limited to master-detail relationships.


NO.352 Which statement is true about an external id field? Choose 2 answers
(A). The field must be unique since duplicates are not allowed within salesforce
(B). The field can be unique based on case-sensitive or case-insensitive values.
(C). The field must contain at least one number and at least one letter
(D). The field contains unique records identifiers from a system outside of salesforc

NO.353 Which two statements are true about record types? Choose two answers
(A). They can be used to control user role hierarchy
(B). They allow different picklist values for all picklist fields
(C). They allow different page layouts and mandatory fields
(D). They can be enabled by profile and permission set


NO.354 At UVC, multiple departments utilize the Case object for different purposes. Some users
submit cases while other users provide customer support with case records. What is the minimum
required configuration for an App Builder to enable different users to see different fields, based on
the case type?
(A). Record Types, Page Layouts, Case Teams and Profiles
(B). Record Types, Page Layouts, Field Sets and Profiles
(C). Record Types, Page Layouts, Support Process and Profiles
(D). Record Types, Page Layouts, Permission Sets and Profiles

NO.355 UVC has created the custom objects Candidate and Interview in Salesforce to track
candidates and interviews respectively. The company wants to track the total number of interviews a
candidate has gone through on the candidate record without writing any code. Which two actions
can an App Builder take to accomplish this requirement? Choose 2 answers
(A). Use a formula field on the Candidate record to show the total number of interviews
(B). Use a lookup relationship between the Candidate and Interview objects (Your Answer)
(C). Use a MD relationship between the Candidate and Interview Objects
(D). Use a roll-up summary field on the Candidate record to show the total number of interviews



NO.356 A custom field on an account is used to track finance information about a customer. Only
members of the Finance Team have access to this field. However, the business wants to allow one
customer service agent, who is assigned the customer service profile, read-only access to this field for
special circumstances. What is the recommended solution to grant the customer service agent access
to the field?
(A). Create a permission set that allows read-only access to the field via Field Level Security and
assign it to the agent.
(B). Create a new profile to allow for read-only access to the field via Field Level Security and assign it
to the agent
(C). Update the Customer Service Profile already assigned to the agent to allow for read-only access
to the field via Field Level Security
(D). Update the custom field's Field Level Security in setup to allow the agent read-only access to the
field.


NO.357 Which two features can be used to allow users to access flows. Choose 2 answers?
(A). Invoked by a process
(B). Custom button
(C). Quick action
(D). Flow launcher


NO.358 How should an app builder configure access to a contact's Twitter profile for Salesforce
mobile app users?
(A). Add a formula field to the Contact page layout.
(B). Add an AppExchange Lightning Component to the mobile app.
(C). Add the Twitter component to mobile view Lightning pages.
(D). Add a Twitter Quick Action to the mobile navigation.

NO.359 An app builder needs to create new automation on an object.
What best practice should the app builder follow when building out automation7
(A). One Workflow rule per object.
(B). One Flow per object.
(C). One invocable process per object.
(D). One record change process per objec


NO.360 What is a use case for validation rules?
(a) prevent non-managers from joining a private Chatter gorup
(b) Restric partner Lead visibility to the channel sales team
(c) Ensure zip/postal codes are entered in the correct format
(d) Preven deals with less than 10% discount from entering an approval process


NO.361 Universal Containers created a custom object called Component to capture details about
products sold.
What approach should an app builder take to show Component as a related list on Product?
(A). Create a master-detail relationship on Product to Component. Add the Component related list to
the Product page layout.
(B). Create a junction object to relate Component and Product. Add the Component related list to the
Product page layout.
(C). Create a roll-up on Product. Add the Component related list to the Product page layout.
(D). Create a lookup relationship on Component to Product. Add the Component related list to the
Product page layout.

NO.361 Universal Containers created a custom object called Component to capture details about
products sold.
What approach should an app builder take to show Component as a related list on Product?
(A). Create a master-detail relationship on Product to Component. Add the Component related list to
the Product page layout.
(B). Create a junction object to relate Component and Product. Add the Component related list to the
Product page layout.
(C). Create a roll-up on Product. Add the Component related list to the Product page layout.
(D). Create a lookup relationship on Component to Product. Add the Component related list to the
Product page layout.

NO.362 Universal Containers wants sales reps to get permission from their managers before
deleting Opportunities, What can be used to meet these requirements?
(A). Process Builder with Submit for Approval action.
(B). Approval Process with a triggered Flow process.
(C). Approval Process with Time-Dependent Workflow action.
(D). Two-step Approval Process.


NO.363 What are two reason to create an unmanaged package? Choose 2 answers
(A). Distributing open-source projects on the AppExchange.
(B). Publishing an application for sale on the AppExchange
(C). Deploying from a Developer Edition environment
(D). Distributing upgradeable components to other Salesforce org

NO.365 UVC wants their Field Sales team to only see the accounts that they own. Separate North
American and European marketing teams should only see accounts in their respective regions. The
Inside Sales Team needs to see all accounts in Salesforce. How can this be accomplished?
(A). Set the OWD to Public for all accounts. Create criteria-based sharing rules for each Marketing
Team, and create an Inside Sales Team permission set with the "View All" settings for accounts
(B). Set the OWD to Private for accounts. Create permission sets for each Marketing team, and create
an Inside Sales team profile with the "View All" setting for accounts
(C). Set the OWD to Private for all accounts. Create Criteria-based sharing rules for each Marketing
Team, and create an Inside Sales Team Profile with the "View All" setting for accounts
(D). Set the OWD to Public for accounts. Create profiles for each Marketing team, and create an
Inside Sales Team role that is at the top of the Role Hierarchy


NO.366 Universal Containers has a requirement that an Opportunity should have a field showing the
value of its associated account's billing state. This value should not change after the Opportunity has
been created. What is the recommended solution to configure this automation behavior?
(A). Formula Field
(B). Workflow
(C). Roll-up-summary field
(D). Apex


NO.367 Which values must be defined when creating a new Opportunity stage? Choose 3
(A). Probability
(B). Type
(C). Forecast category
(D). Close date
(E). Amount

NO.368 What Is true statement regarding roll up summary fields. Select 2.
(A). Roll up summary fields can only be created on the master of master-detail relationship
(B). The roll up summary field inherits the field level security of the child object.
(C). Multi select picklist files can be used in the field column of the field column of roll up summary
filters.
(D). Changes to the value of a roll up summary field can trigger assignment rules to run


NO.369 Universal Containers has purchased a Lightning Component on the Apple exchange.
In which two areas should Components be utilized?
(A). Salesforce Mobile App
(B). Flow Builder
(C). Process Builder
(D). Standalone Lightning App


NO.370 A custom field contains a feedback score which is on a scale of one to five. Endusers would
like a visual indicator of one to five stars based on the number found inthe feedback score customer
field
(a) use a custom image
(b) number
(c) formula
(d) text



NO.371 Universal Containers wants some enhancements on its Opportunity page layout to improve
efficiency and collaboration.
Which two solutions should an app builder suggest to help meet these requirements?
Choose 2 answers
(A). Mark stage dependent fields as required on the Opportunity page layout.
(B). Use two Tabs components to separate record information from activities.
(C). Add a Path component with fields and instructions aligning to stages on the Opportunity.
(D). Set up an approval process requiring manager consent at each stage of the Opportunity


NO.372 An app builder wants to create a formula field on an Account to include data from related
Contacts but is unable to find the relationship in the formula editor.
What is a limitation of formulas that could be causing the issue?
(A). Unable to reference the child records.
(B). A master-detail relationship should be created.
(C). Formula field limit reached on the Account object.
(D). More than 5,000 characters in the formula.

NO.373 Universal Containers wants to understand return on investment for the latest advertising
buy. They currently use a private security model for all objects.
What should an app builder recommend?
(A). Utilize Account Hierarchies and Roil-Up Summary fields
(B). Run an opportunities pipeline report
(C). Change to a public security model
(D). Configure Campaign Hierarchies and Campaign statistics

NO.374 Universal Containers wants users to have access to the pricing guidelines document when
viewing a Contract related to an Account.
What feature should an app builder use to create easy access to the document?
(A). Quick Action on the Contracts object
(B). Quick Action on the Account object
(C). A custom detail page link on the Account object
(D). A custom detail page link on the Contract object

NO.375 Universal Containers has Public Read/Write as the Account organization-wide default
(OWD) setting. Visitors to the customer community site report that they can see all of the company's
account records.
How should an app builder configure Account sharing so that community users only see their own
Account?
(A). Create an account record type for external accounts.
(B). Define an owner-based sharing rule for external accounts.
(C). Define a permission set for external accounts.
(D). Set the account external OWD to private.

NO.376 At UVC, the Account object has a MD relationship with an Invoice custom object. The app
builder would like to change this to a lookup field, but is not able to do so. What could be causing
this?
(A). The Account is included in the workflow on the Invoice Object
(B). The invoice records have existing values in the Account
(C). The Account record includes invoice roll-up summary fields
(D). The Invoice must have at least one MD field for reporting


NO.377 An app builder notices several Accounts converted from Leads are missing information they
expected to be caught via Account validation rules.
What could be the source of this issue?
(A). The lead settings are unchecked to require validation for converted leads.
(B). Account validation rules fail to validate on records converted from a lead.
(C). The lead settings are allowing users to intentionally bypass validation rules.
(D). Lead validation rules fail to validate on records when they are being converted.



NO.378 UVC wants to automate a business process using workflow. They are aware that workflow
rules may cause recursive behavior, and as a result certain actions will only cause workflow rules that
didn't fire previously to be retriggered. Which workflow action might cause this behavior?
(A). Workflow Outbound messages with the "Protected Component" field selected
(B). Workflow Field Updates with the "Re-evaluate Workflow Rules After Field Changes" field selected
(C). Workflow Emails containing hard coded links with Salesforce IDs referencing specific workflow
rules
(D). Workflow Tasks where the "Due Date" field is set to "Rule Trigger Date" minus X days



NO.379 Universal Containers uses a custom picklist field Account Region on the account record.
They want this region to be reflected on all related contact records and stay in sync if the value of this
field changes on the Account.
How should an app builder meet this requirement?
(A). Create a picklist field called 'Account Region' on Contact object > Create a workflow rule to
update this picklist field if the Account Region field on the Account is changed.
(B). Create a formula field on the Contact object > Set the value of the formula to
ISPICKVAL(Account.Account_Region__c).
(C). Create a formula field on the Contact object > Set the value of the formula to
TEXT(Account.Account_Region__c).
(D). Create a text field called 'Account Region' on Contact object > Create a workflow rule to update
this picklist field if the Account Region field on the Account is changed.


NO.380 The VP of account management at Universal Containers has requested that all contacts
mailing postal codes match the associated accounts shipping postal code. How can this be enforced
using validation rules?
(a) create a validatiob rule using the distance() function
(b) create a validatiob rule using compare operator
(c) create a validatiob rule using the geolocation() function
(d) create a validatiob rule using a not equal operator


NO.382 The VP of sales requested that Account Site Information should be visible on an Opportunity
record. What is the recommended salutation to meet this requirement?
(A). Workflow Rule
(B). Cross-Object Formula Field
(C). Process Builder
(D). Roll-Up Summary Field


NO.383 Cloud Kicks (CK) wants to begin socializing and collaborating within Salesforce around
customer accounts to discuss various topics. CK would like all company employees to see these
conversations.
Which two features of Chatter would meet CK's business needs?
Choose 2 answers
(A). Set up new private Chatter groups.
(B). Set up new public Chatter groups.
(C). Use post action on the Account object.
(D). Use Chatter actions to create tasks to complete

NO.384 What is true regarding compact layouts? Choose 2 answers.
(A). If a user doesn't have access to a field it won't be displayed
(B). Compact layouts can be assigned to different record types
(C). Compact layouts support all field types
(D). Compact layouts must be configured for fields to be displayed in the record header


NO.385 Universal Containers (UC) has large data volumes and is nearing data storage limits. The
planned solution is to archive historical data to reduce data storage in Salesforce; however, UC would
still like to use reports, queries, and lookups on the archived information.
Which two options could meet this requirement?
Choose 2 answers
(A). Big objects
(B). Custom objects
(C). Related objects
(D). External objects

NO.386 Universal containers allows users to create standard reports on demand. What are two
considerations users should be aware of when creating a new report?
(A). Reports created from standard report types are available to all users
(B). The report type determines the types of records and fields that will be available
(C). Users can require that child objects exist for parent records using a cross filter
(D). Records will be available in the in the report regardless of security permissions


NO.387 The VP of Sales at Universal Containers has requested that Sales reps be given access to
view all Accounts in Salesforce. However, they've also requested that sales reps only be allowed to
create new Opportunities on Accounts they own. How can this requirement be met?
(A). Create an Opportunity Validation Rule that compares the Opportunity and Account Owners
(B). Create a new Opportunity Quick Action that validates Account ownership.
(C). Set the Organization-Wide Defaults sharing on Opportunities to Private and recalculate sharing.
(D). Set the Organization-Wide Defaults sharing on Opportunities to Controlled by Parent

NO.388 A custom object has a public reads only sharing settings that does not grant access using
hierarchies. A dynamic sharing rule provides write access to the object to the global marketing public
group if the record is marked as global. A user creates a new record and marks it as global. Who will
have write access to the record?
(A). The global marketing public group and anyone above the owner in the role hierarchy
(B). The record owner and the global marketing public group.
(C). The global marketing public group, the record owner, and anyone above the owner in the role
hierarchy.
(D). The record owner and anyone above the owner in the role hierarchy

NO.389 A workflow has been written to update the 'Stage' field on opps. What will be the impact of
this field update?
(A). Type fields on opp
(B). Forecast field on opp
(C). No Impact
(D). Both A&B

NO.390 Which is correctly referencing a field on the Force.com custom object Position__c?

(A) {!Position__c.Status__c }
(b} [!Position__c.Status__c]
(c) {&!Position__c.Status__c}
(d) [&!Position__c.Status__c]


NO.391 Universal Containers provide access to Salesforce for their sales, service and marketing
teams. Management wants to ensure that when user login, their home tab provides access to links
and documentation that are specifically relevant to their job function. How can this requirement be
met?
(A). Create separate home page custom components and layouts; assign to user by role.
(B). Expose specific elements within a home page custom component determined by profile.
(C). Create separate home page custom components and layouts; assign to user by profile.
(D). Expose specific elements within a home page custom component determined by role.

NO.392 universal containers has several large customers that sell their products through dealers.
Each customer and dealer has an individual rep who works directly with uc and each is billed
separately. How can an app builder implement these requirements?
(A). Create a single account record, add each rep as a contact and create a custom dealer object
(B). Create both customer and dealer as accounts, add each rep as a contact on the correspondingaccount and create an account hierarchy.
(C). Create a single parent record, add each rep as a contact to the parent account and add each
dealer as a child record
(D). Create both customer and dealer as accounts, create account teams on each account and
associate the dealer records with the parent account.


NO.393 Describe the ramifications of field updates and potential for recursion for the following
scenario: If a field update for Rule1 triggers Rule2, and a field update for Rule2 triggers Rule1
(A). When the second trigger is saved a Imminent Loop Error message will be displayed and the
workflow rule update will not save
(B). Loop is allowed to run 25 times within one hour. If it does not end on its own the process will be
stopped by R&D
(C). The updates create a loop and the org limits for workflow time triggers per hour will likely be
violated
(D). The updates create a loop and the org be blocked until the admin resolves the issue


NO.394 Universal Containers has created two custom objects called Seminars and Attendees.
Organization-wide defaults for those objects have been set to private. Universal Containers wants to
set up a new junction object between these objects. A select group of users should be able to edit
records in the junction object.
Which two steps should an app builder take to configure the proper security?
(A). Create an owner-based sharing rule that gives Read access to the junction object.
(B). Set Sharing Settings to Read Only on both master-detail relationship fields.
(C). Set lookup filters on both junction object relationship fields.
(D). Create owner-based sharing rules that give Read access to the master objects.

NO.395 The app builder at UVC has been asked to ensure that the amount field ispopulated when
the stage is set to closed won. What can be used to meet this requirement?
(A). Workflow
(B). Lighting process builder
(C). Approval process
(D). Validation rule

NO.396 Universal Containers needs the ability to generate contract documents. All the data
required for a contract resides in a custom object. What is the recommended solutions?
(A). Enable the contract feature and create a custom Contract template based on the Standard
template.
(B). Store a template in the static resources and configure the Action Link Template to use it.
(C). Create the HTML template for contracts and store it in the Public Folder.
(D). Select and install an AppExchange product to meet the contract generation needs

NO.397 Actions on a Lightning Page allow you to do which of the following?
(A). Clone records, add users, and assign permissions.
(B). Send email, send outbound messages, and launch a flow.
(C). Send email and delete or clone records.
(D). Send email, create a task, and create or update records


NO.398 Person Accounts Choose 2 answers
(A). Can only be merged with other person accounts
(B). Are enabled by default
(C). Have the same icon as Business accounts
(D). Do use space in both account and contacts table
(E). Are enabled via feature license


NO.399 Which report types may be used with Analytic Snapshots?(2)
(A). Summary
(B). Joined
(C). Matrix
(D). Tabular

NO.400
(A) navigate to an external system using data in salesforce
(b) navigate to custom visual flow to update the current record
(c) navigate to a process to update the current record
(d) navigate to a create a record page with field pre-populated
(e) navigate to an apex trigger to update the current record

NO.349 Which use case can be accomplished using a custom link?(Select 3)
(A). To create a custom visual flow
(B). Navigate to Apex trigger
(C). To create a record page
(D). To a process to update current record
(E). To external system using data of salesforc

NO.401 When do you refresh a Sandbox?
(A). After a major update
(B). Before UAT
(C). When a Production user is added
(D). Option 4


NO.402 What is true regarding the user interface for external object data? Choose 1 answer.
(A). External object data can be accessed via lists views
(B). External object data can be accessed via custom tabs
(C). External object data can be accessed via detail pages
(D). Chatter Feeds can be enabled on external object pages
(E). All of the above


NO.403 UVC needs to flag leads with one or more business areas. They need to add a field to
capture these to the Lead Record. There is no need to report on this field. What is the appropriate
field type?
(A). Text Area
(B). Radio Buttons (Multi-select)
(C). Picklist (Multi-Select)
(D). Picklist

NO.404 Cloud Kicks has created a custom object called Interests which is joined to Accounts by way
of a junction object called Account Interest.
What is the impact to users attempting to view an Account and the associated Account Interest
records if they are without read access to the Interest object?
(A). Users will be able to view the Account Interest records and will have read-only access to the
Interest records.
(B). Users will be unable to view Account records that have a related Account Interest record.
(C). Users will be unable to view the Account Interest records or the Interest records.
(D). Users will be able to view the Account Interest record, but unable to view the field or any
information relating back to the Interest record


NO.405 In a real estate app, if a listing is sold, all related inspections for the listing must be
cancelled. What business logic feature best caters to this requirement? Choose 1 answer.
(A). Use a trigger to update the status of the related inspection records when the listing status is
updated
(B). Use Process Builder to define a process action to update related records based on the listing
status change
(C). Use Visual Workflow to define a flow to iterate through the related inspection records and
update the status to 'Cancelled'
(D). Create a standard workflow on the Listing object with a workflow record update action on the
related Inspection records


NO.406 Universal containers (uc) wants to delete data in several fields for 5000 lead records. UC
export the selected record IDs and fields that need to have data deleted in a csv file. Which two steps
should an app builder suggest to meet these requirements ? Choose 2 answers
(A). Select the correct record type
(B). Use import Wizard to update leads using the CSV file
(C). Select insert null values in setting
(D). Use Data Loader to update leads using the CSV file


NO.407 Universal containers would like to use a chatter group for their mergers and acquisition
team to collaborate on potential new projects. This group should not be visible for non-members to
see or join, and can be accessed by invite only. Which chatter Group type should the App Builder
recommend?
(A). Member Group
(B). Unlisted Group
(C). Public Group
(D). Private Group

NO.408 When a sales rep submits an account for approval, Universal Containers wants the user to
answer additional questions via a popup window to populate additional record fields.
What should an app builder use to achieve the desired result?
(A). Process Builder and Flow
(B). Lightning component and Process Builder
(C). Custom picklist field and Process Builder
(D). Custom button and Flow



NO.409 Representatives at Universal Con use salesforce to record information for new Leads. When
new prospects are added, an outbound message is sent to SAP with the Lead's info.
(A). Design an approval process
(B). Create a process using lightning process builder
(C). Create a workflow rule
(D). Use Visual Workflow

NO.410 Which two standard Lightning page components are available in the Lightning App Builder? choose 2 answer
(A) highlights Panel
(b) Quick text
(c) Accordion
(d) Path



NO.411 Which two metadata changes can be made directly in a production environment without
deploying from a sandbox?
(A). Visualforce pages
(B). Apex triggers
(C). Validation rules
(D). Apex classes


NO.412 What is true about social accounts, contacts, and leads?
(A). The social feature displays the social profile for a Lead or Contact even if the user is not
connected with the Lead or Contact on the Social network
(B). The social feature automatically imports the social profile for a lead or contact in salesforce if the
user is connected with the lead or contact on the social network
(C). To use Social Accounts, Contacts and lead feature, a separate feature license must be assigned to
the user in salesforce
(D). To use Social Accounts, Contacts and lead feature, users need to have a personal social network accounts for the social network they would like to view

NO.415 Which statement is true for embedding a Visualforce page in a page Layout. Choose 2
Answers
(A). Visualforce Pages on a field set have attributes for width and height.
(B). Visualforce Pages can be placed anywhere in the page layout.
(C). Visualforce Pages on a page layout have attributes for width and height
(D). Visualforce Pages can only be place in the Visualforce section in a page layout.


NO.416 The Director of Customer Service wants to know when agents are overwhelmed with highpriority items in the support queue. The Director wants to receive a notification when a new case is
open with the status of "New" for more than four business hours. Which automation process could
be used to accomplish this? Choose 2 answers
(A). Escalation rules
(B). Visual workflow
(C). Lightning Process Builder

NO.417 DreamHouse Realty (DR) has many properties for sale and wants to identify the highest
value of all Offer__c records on each Property__c record.
What solution should the app builder use to meet DreamHouse Realty's needs?
(A). Master-Detail Child Object
(B). Text Area (Long)
(C). Multi-select Pickllst
(D). Lookup Object

NO.418 Which setting is available to customize the salesforce1 mobile app for branding ? Select 3
(A). Action bar color
(B). Background color on loading page
(C). Notification and search icon
(D). The image on loading page
(E). Header and search bar color

NO.419 Representatives at Universal Containers use Salesforce to record information for leads.
When new prospects are added, an outbound message is sent to SAP with lead's information. Which
automation process will accomplish this without writing any code?
(A). Create a process using Lightning Process Builder to send the outbound message.
(B). Create a Workflow Rule with an outbound message as the action
(C). Use Visual Workflow to create a wizard that will send an outbound message.
(D). Design an Approval Process that sends an outbound message upon arrival.

NO.420 Cloud Kicks's management team frequently travels and wants to approve requests from
their team on the go via Chatter.
Where would an app builder enable this ability
(a) chatter feed tracking
(b) object settings
(c) chatter settings
(d) approval process Settings



NO.422 Sales representatives want to capture custom Feedback record details related to each
Account. The sales reps want to accomplish this with minimal clicks on the Salesforce1 mobile
application. What is the recommended solution to meet this requirement? Choose 2 answers.
(A). Create predefined values for most of the fields.
(B). Create a global action on Account.
(C). Create a feedback object as a parent of Account
(D). Create an object-specific action on Account

NO.423 What is a true statement in regard to creating custom report types?
(A). When the primary object is a custom object and is deleted, then the report type and any reports
created from it must be deleted manually
(B). Any object can be chosen unless the object is not visible to the person creating the report type
through security settings
(C). The detail object in a master-detail relationship cannot be added as a secondary object on a
custom report type
(D). Once a report type is saved with a standard or custom primary object, the primary object cannot
be changed for the report type


NO.424 A new custom object called Invoices need to have an invoice date for the date and time
itwas invoiced.
Which field type should be selected for this?
(A). Date
(B). Date/Timestamp
(C). Date/Time
(D). Time

NO.425 Universal Container want to store an area code and wants to be able to search for it in
applications (apex). Which are possible fields to store the dat a. Choose 2
(A). Phone
(B). Number
(C). Text
(D). Multi Picklist
(E). Email



NO.426 Which of these actions are executed after a re-evaluated workflow? (Choose 3 answers)
(A). Active Validation rules
(B). Previously fired workflow rules
(C). Active Escalation rules
(D). Cross-object workflow rules
(E). Criteria-based sharing rules

NO.427 Universal Containers sales reps can modify fields on an opportunity until it is closed. Only
the sales operation team can modify the post closed follow-up dates and post closed follow-up
comments fields. How can these requirements be met?
(A). Use record types with field sets and restrict editing fields using field-level security.
(B). Use field-level security on page layouts to restrict editing fields
(C). Use multiple record types, page layouts and profiles
(D). Use field level security to mark fields as read only on the sales profile


NO.428 The App Builder at Universal Containers has been asked to ensure that the Amount field is
populated when the stage is set to Closed Won. What can be used to meet this requirement?
(A). Validation Rule
(B). Lightning Process Builder
(C). Workflow
(D). Approval Process

NO.430 Sales manager at universal containers would like to standardize what information sales rep
are gathering. Sales rep want recommendations, sales strategies and to know what key fields need to
be completed at each step of the sales process on the opportunity record. What feature should an
app builder use to provide this functionally
(A) workflow
(b) path
(c) chatterfeed
(d) global action

NO.431 Universal Containers is expecting impacts to operations due to increased demand. The
executive team will be reaching out to current customers and want to see the number of open cases
for the account and parent account.
Which two tools could an app builder combine to display the number of open cases on the account
page?
Choose 2 answers
(A). Flow
(B). Workflow
(C). Approval Process
(D). Process Builder

NO.432 The VP of Marketing wants to broadcast an email to 10,000 contacts in Salesforce on a
regular basis, but realizes Salesforce's mass email functionality has a limitation on the number of
emails that can be sent each day.
(A). Develop Apex code and Visualforce pages to send the emails.
(B). Download all contacts to a CSV file and use an email client to send the mails
(C). Research and evaluate products available on AppExchange to send mass emails
(D). Request Salesforce increase the number of maximum daily mails.



끝
