NO.1 A developer needs to find information about @future methods that were invoked. From which
system monitoring feature can the developer see this information?
(A). Scheduled jobs
(B). Apex Jobs
(C). Background Jobs
(D). Asynchronous Job

NO.2 Which two platform features allow for the use of unsupported languages? Choose 2 answers
(A). Heroku Acm
(B). App.json
(C). Buildpacks
(D). Docker

NO.3 Given the code block: Integer x; For(x=0;x<10; x+=2) { If(x==8) break; If(x==10) break; }
System.debug(x); Which value will the system debug statement display?
(A). 2
(B). 10
(C). 8
(D). 4

그대로 나오는군

NO.4 A developer is creating an enhancement to an application that will allow people to be related
to their employer. Which date model should be used to track the data?
(A). Create a junction object to relate many people to many employers trough master-detail
relationship
(B). Create a junction object to relate many people to many employers trough lookup relationship
(C). Create a lookup relationship to indicate that a person has an employer
(D). Create a master detail relationship to indicate that a person has an employer

NO.5 A developer wants to display all of the picklist entries for the Opportunity StageName field and
all of the available record types for the Opportunity object on a Visualforce page. Which two actions
should the developer perform to get the available picklist values and record types in the controller?
Choose 2 answers.
(A). Use Schema.RecordTypeInfo returned by
RecordType.SObjectType.getDescribe().getRecordTypeInfos().
(B). Use Schema.PicklistEntry returned by Opportunity.SObjectType.getDescribe().getPicklistValues().
(C). Use Schema.PicklistEntry returned by Opportunity.StageName.getDescribe().getPicklistValues().
(D). Use Schema.RecordTypeInfo returned by
Opportunity.SObjectType.getDescribe().getRecordTypeInfos().


NO.6 Which two automation tools include a graphical designer? Choose 2 answers

(A). Approvals
(B). Flow builder
(C). Process builder
(D). Workflows

NO.7 What is the easiest way to verify a user before showing them sensitive content?
(A). Sending the user a SMS message with a passcode.
(B). Calling the generateVerificationUrl method in apex.
(C). Sending the user an Email message with a passcode.
(D). Calling the Session.forcedLoginUrl method in apex.


NO.8 How are debug levels adjusted In the Developer Console?
(A). Under the Settings menu > Trace Settings..., click Change DebugLevel
(B). Under the Edit menu, dick Change DebugLevels
(C). Under the Logs tab, click Change in the DebugLevels panel
(D). Under the Debug menu > Change Log Levels..., click Add/Change in the DebugLevel Action


NO.9 A candidate may apply to multiple jobs at the company Universal Containers by submtting a
single application per job posting. Once an application is submitted for a job posting, that application
cannot be modified to be resubmitted to a different job posting.What can the administrator do to
associate an application with each job posting in the schema for the organization?
(A). Create a master-detail relationship in the Job Postings custom object to the Applications custom
object.
(B). Create a master-detail relationship in the Application custom object to the Job Postings custom
object.
(C). Create a lookup relationship on both objects to a junction object called Job Posting Applications.
(D). Create a lookup relationship in the Applications custom object to the Job Postings custom object


NO.10 Which declarative method helps ensure quality data? ( choose 3)
(a) validation rules
(b) workflow alerts
(c) Exceptio Handling
(d) Lookup Filters
(E) Page Layouts


NO.11 A user selects a value from a multi-select picklist. How is this selected value represented in
Apex?
(A). As a string ending with a comma
(B). As a string
(C). As a list< String > with one element
(D). As a set< string > with one element

NO.11 A user selects a value from a multi-select picklist. How is this selected value represented in
Apex?
(A). As a string ending with a comma
(B). As a string
(C). As a list< String > with one element
(D). As a set< string > with one element

NO.12 A developer creates an Apex helper class to handle complex trigger logic. How can the helper
class warn users when the trigger exceeds DML governor limits?
(A). By using PageReference.setRedirect() to redirect the user to a custom Visualforce page before
the number of DML statements is exceeded.
(B). By using Messaging.sendEmail() to continue toe transaction and send an alert to the user after
the number of DML statements is exceeded.
(C). By using AmexMessage.Messages() to display an error message after the number of DML
statements is exceeded.
(D). By using Limits.getDMLRows() and then displaying an error message before the number of DML
statements is exceeded.

NO.13 To which primitive data type in Apex is a currency field atomically assigned?
(A). Integer
(B). Decimal
(C). Double
(D). Currency


NO.14 What is a benefit of using a trigger framework?
(A). Simplifies addition of context-specific logic
(B). Increases trigger governor limits
(C). Allows functional code to be tested b
(D). Reduces trigger execution time


NO.15 A Visualforce page has a standard controller for an object that has a lookup relationship to a
parent object. How can a developer display data from the parent record on the page?
(A). By adding a second standard controller to the page for the parent record.
(B). By using a roll-up formula field on the child record to include data from the parent record.
(C). By using SOQL on the Visualforce page to query for data from the parent record.
(D). By using merge field syntax to retrieve data from the parent record.

NO.16 How can a custom type be identified as unique when added to a Set?
(A). Methods in the class must be static
(B). The class must implement the Equals and Hashcode methods
(C). Methods in the class must be global
(D). The class must have a method with the @InvocableMethod annotation


NO.18 A developer needs to create a Visualforce page that will override the standard Account edit
button. The page will be used to validate the account's address using a SOQL query. The page will
also allow the user to make edits to the address. Where would the developer write the Account
address verification logic?
(A). In a Standard Extension.
(B). In a Standard Controller.
(C). In a Custom Controller.
(D). In a Controller Extension.


NO.19 A developer needs to confirm that an Account trigger is working correctly without changing
the organization's data.What would the developer do to test the Account trigger?
(A). Use the Test menu on the developer Console to run all test classes for the account trigger.
(B). Use the New button on the Salesforce Accounts Tab to create a new Account record.
(C). Use the Open Execute Anonymous feature on the Developer Console to run an 'insert Account'
DML statement.
(D). Use Deply from the Force.com IDE to deploy an 'insert Account' Apex class.

NO.20 Using the Schema Builder, a developer tries to change the API name of a field that is
referenced in an Apex test class.
What is the end result?

(a) The API name is not changed and there are no ohter impacts.
(b) The API name of the field and the reference in the test class is changed.
(c) The API name of the field is changed, and a warning is issued to update the class
(d) The API name of the field and the reference in the test class is updated.

NO.21 A developer is creating an enhancement to an application that will allow people to be related
to their employer. Which data model provides the simplest solution to meet the requirements?
(A). Create a lookup realtionship to indicate that a person has an employer
(B). Create a master-detail relationship to indicate that a person has an employer
(C). Create a junction object to relate many people to many through master-detail relationship
(D). Create a junction object to relate many people to many through lookup relationship

NO.22 Which two condition cause workflow rules to fire? Choose 2 answers
(A). Changing territory assignments of accounts and opportunities
(B). Updating record using bulk API
(C). Converting leads to person account
(D). An Apex batch process that changes field values

NO.23 Which approach should be used to provide test data for a test class?
(A). Query for existing records in the database.
(B). Execute anonymous code blocks that create data.
(C). Use a test data factory class to create test data.
(D). Access data in @TestVisible class variables

NO.24 The Sales Management team hires a new intern. The intern is not allowed to view
Opportunities, but needs to see the Most Recent Closed Date of all child Opportunities when viewing
an Account record. What would a developer do to meet this requirement?
(A). Create a trigger on the Account object that queries the Close Date of the most recent
Opportunities.
(B). Create a Workflow rule on the Opportunity object that updates a field on the parent Account.
(C). Create a formula field on the Account object that performs a MAX on the Opportunity Close Date
field.
(D). Create a roll-up summary field on the Account object that performs a MAX on the Opportunity
Close Date field.


NO.25 What is a valid Apex statement?
(A). Map conMap = (SELECT Name FROM Contact);
(B). Account[] acctList = new List{new Account()}
(C). Integer w, x, y = 123, z = 'abc',
(D). Private static constant Double rate = 775;


NO.26 Why would a developer consider using a custom controller over a controller extension?
(A). To increase the SOQL query governor limits.
(B). To implement all of the logic for a page and bypass default Salesforce functionality
(C). To leverage built-in functionality of a standard controller
(D). To enforce user sharing settings and permissions

- bypass : 우회로, 여러 신호들이나 물리량으로 통과가 어려울 경우, 별도의 우회길을 만들어 사용할 때, 그 방법을 바이패스라고 합니다. 



NO.27 How can a developer avoid exceeding governor limits when using an Apex Trigger?choose 2
answers
(A). By using a helper class that can be invoked from multiple triggers.
(B). By using the Database class to handle DML transactions.
(C). By using Maps to hold data from query results.
(D). By performing DML transactions on lists of SObjects.



NO.28 Which three options allow a developer to use custom styling in a Visualforce page? (Choose
three.)
(A). <apex:stylesheet> tag
(B). Inline CSS
(C). <apex:style>tag
(D). <apex:stylesheets>tag
(E). A static resource


- 인라인이란? Inline editing is a feature by which we can edit a record without pressing the edit button, 
we can go to the detail page, doubles click on the field, changes to a new value and click on Save and field value is updated to the new value.




NO.29 Which two number expressions evaluate correctly? (Choose two.)
(A). Double d = 3.14159;
(B). Integer I = 3.14159;
(C). Decimal d = 3.14159;
(D). Long l = 3.14159;

decimal : is an arbitrary(임의?) precision(정도) number,. In Apex currency fields are automatically assigned the type Demimal. 
Also decimal has a lot of built-in methods and rounding options, so it's helpful to use this instead of double

(+Rounding means replacing a number with an approximate value that has a shorter, simpler, or more explicit representation. 
For example, replacing $23.4476 with $23.45, the fraction 312/937 with 1/3, or the expression √2 with 1.414.

 + Arbitraty-precision arithmetic :
 무한 정밀도 산술이라고도 함, 임의 정밀도 산술은 정밀도 자릿수가 호스트 시스템의 사용 가능한 메모리에 의해서만 제한되는 숫자에 대해 계산이 수행됨을 나타앰)
 
)

A 64-bit number that includes a decimal point. Doubles have a minimum value of -263 and a maximum value of 263-1.

long : this is 64-bit(2^64)-1 number without any decimal point. this is used when we need a range of values wider than Integer


NO.30 A Hierarchy Custom Setting stores a specific URL for each profile in Salesforce. Which
statement can a developer use to retrieve the correct URL for the current user'sprofile and display
this on a Visualforce Page?

(a) {!$Setup.Url_Settings__C.Instance[Profile.Id].URL__c}
(b) {!$Setup.Url_Settings__C.URL__c}
(c) {!$Setup.Url_Settings__C.[Profile.Id].URL__c}
(d) {!$Setup.Url_Settings__C.[$Profile.Id].URL__c}



NO.31 A developer needs to join data received from an integration with an external system with
parent records in Salesforce. The data set does not contain the Salesforce IDs of the parent records,
but it does have a foreign key attribute that can be used to identify the parent.
Which action will allow the developer to relate records in the data model without knowing the
Salesforce ID?
(A). Create and populate a custom field on the parent object marked as Unique.
(B). Create a custom field on the child object of type External Relationship.
(C). Create and populate a custom field on the parent object marked as an External ID.
(D). Create a custom field on the child object of type Foreign Key.


