NO.300 Universal containers uses a private Account sharing model. They have a Process
Improvement team with representatives from multiple departments that need s to view all accounts
that have been flagged as problem accounts. How should this team be granted access to the records?

(A) User a record owner sharing rule that is shared with process improvement public group
(B) Write a trigger to use apex managed sharing to grant access with the process improvement team
(c) use a criteria based sharing rule where the account are shared with the process improvement team.
(d) use a record owner sharing that is shared with the process improvement role
(e) option 5

NO.301 Universal Containers has created the custom objects Candidate and Interview in Salesforce
to track candidates and interviews respectively. The company wants to track the total number of
interviews a candidate has gone through on the candidate record without writing any code. How can
app builder accomplish this requirements? Choose 2 answers
(A). Use a roll-up summary field on the candidate record to show the total number of interviews.
(B). Use a master-detail relationship between the Candidate and the Interview objects.
(C). Use a lookup relationship between the Candidate and Interview objects
(D). Use a formula field on the candidate record to show the total number of interviews

NO.302 What should an app builder do to upgrade an unmanaged package that has been installed
into production?
(A). Uninstall the current version and install the new version.
(B). Install the new version to a Developer org then deploy to production.
(C). Click the update link on the Installed Packages page.
(D). Install the new version in a sandbox then deploy to production


NO.303 Need to change ownership when field of custom object changed.
(A). Apex trigger
(B). Assignment Rule
(C). Validation Rule
(D). Visual Workflow

NO.175 Where can a custom button be placed? Choose 3 answers
(A). On the User Object
(B). On the Custom List View
(C). On a Person Account
(D). On a related list

NO.304 Where custom buttons can be placed? (Choose 3)
(A). Web to case
(B). Record page
(C). Personal account
(D). Related object


NO.305 Universal Containers wants to build a recruiting app that allows for multiple positions to
appear on custom objects websites and postings. UC requires a report that shows the related custom
objects of postings. Which two items should an app builder configure to implement this?
(A). Utilize the standard report type
(B). Create two new custom report type
(C). Configure a postings object with master detail field to both positions and websites
D). Configure a postings object with lookup field to both positions and websites

NO.306 What is the capability of schema Builder? Choose 2 Answers
(A). Showing selected objects on the page.
(B). Editing custom settings
(C). Viewing page layout in a new window
(D). Creating a new record type

NO.162 What is a capability of schema builder? (Select 2)
(A). To update descriptions of standard and custom objects
(B). To modify custom field help text on standard objects
(C). To enable field history tracking on standard objects
(D). To create new lookup or master-detail object relationships

NO.171 What are the limitations of Schema Builder when creating a custom object?
(A). "Save" should be clicked each time a new object, field, or relationship is created.
(B). Fields and relationships can be created, but they will be unable to add the fields to the page
layout from the canvas.
(C). Relationships can be made to any custom objects, but any relationships to standard objects
should be built in Lightning Object Manager.
(D). Custom fields can be added to any custom objects, excluding formula field types

NO.307 Universal Container wants to display a message when a case needs follow up. What can be
used to display different text on the case record depending on the number of days a case is opened?
(A). Formula Field
(B). Workflow Update
(C). Case Process
(D). Lightning Process Builder
NO.308 What is true statement regarding master - detail relationship? Choose 3 answers
(A). A master-detail relationship cannot be created if the custom object on the detail side already
contains data.
(B). A master - detail relationship cannot be converted to a look-up relationship
(C). Deleting a master record in a master detail relationship deletes all related detail records
(D). Standard objects can be on the detail side of the custom object in a master-detail relationship
(E). Master-detail relationship can convert to a look -up relationship if no roll-up summary field exist


NO.309 A recently refreshed partial sandbox at Cloud Kicks has no data In the custom object
Shipping. Checking In production, there are two million rows of data in the object.
What could be the reason the data Is missing?
(A). The sandbox was refreshed too early.
(B). The selected objects in the sandbox template.
(C). The Partial sandbox is at capacity.
(D). The sandbox is still populating data.


NO.310 Universal Containers wants to track installation information once it container has been
purchased on a custom object. Sales reps should have visibility of all the installation with their
opportunities.
visibility of all the installations associated with their opportunities.
What kind of relationship should this new object have to the Opportunity?
(a)look up
(b) hierachical
(c) master detail
(d) many to many


NO.311 Cloud Kicks (CK) tracks the support level of its customers on the account record page. CK
wants to show a text notification on a case record page when the related account is a platinum-level
customer.
How could an app builder meet this requirement?
(A). Add a rich text area to the Case Lighting page > Set the component visibility of the rich text area
to show when the account support level is platinum.
(B). Create a text-only Visualforce page > Drag the Visualforce component into the Case page layout >
Set its visibility to show when the account support level is platinum.
(C). Create a text-only Visualforce page > Clone the case page layout > Drag the Visualforce
component into the page, and assign the layout to platinum cases.
(D). Clone the Case Lightning page > Add a rich text area to the new page, and assign this page to
platinum accounts.


NO.312 An app builder wants to deploy a new version of an auto launched flow production in an
active state so that the new functionality is immediately available to users.
What should the app builder take into consideration when planning the deployment?
(A). Verify there is an apex test that provides test coverage for the flow
(B). Include the profile that access the flow in the deployment
(C). Verify there is a static resource that provides test coverage for the flow
(D). Include the process builder calling the flow in the deployment


NO.313 Cloud Kicks has a sales rep who is stating that their Contact is unavailable for other users to
see within Salesforce.
In which three ways can an app builder troubleshoot this issue?
Choose 3 answers
(A). Create an Account Sharing Rule to give the users access to all records.
(B). Confirm whether Default Organization-Wide Sharing Settings provide access to the Account.
(C). Review the Contact record and ensure it is linked to an Account.
(D). Verify the users with the issue have access to the Contact object. D.
(E). Create a new Contact and have the users try again.

NO.314 For which report types custom summary formulas are available? (Choose 3)
(A). Joined
(B). Summary
(C). Tabular
(D). Matrix





























