하루남았다 주륵.. 망했오


UC wants to standardize their business logic. They want to ensure that workflow order is
guaranteed to the same each time. Which feature can be used to accomplish this? Select 2
process builder, visual workflow

32 Universal Containers has separated business requirements for consumer and Business
Opportunities. The sales team work with both types of Opportunities. The app builder created two
record types on the Opportunity Object. Which action can now be performed? Choose 2 answers
(A). Prevent access to secure data fields by sales process.
(B). Specify a different page layout by sales process.
(C). Enable field validation by sales process.
(D). Create unique Opportunity stages by sales process.

b,c

36 What is a true statement in regards to creating custom report types?
(A). When the primary object is a custom object and is deleted, then the report type and any reports
created from it must be deleted manually.
(B). The detail object in a master- detail relationship cannot be added as a secondary object on a
custom report type
(C). Once a report type is saved with a standard or custom primary object, the primary object cannot
be changed for that report type.
(D). Any object can be chosen unless the object is no visible to the person creating the report type
through security settings

C

UVC sells to three different types of organizations. Partner, Enterprise, and Small Business.
Some of the information collected about each organization overlaps; however, there are also unique
attributes to each type of organization that need to be tracked, some of which are required. What
Solution meets these requirements?
(A). Three Account record types, each with its own page layout to display the relevant fields for that
type of organization
(B). Three custom objects for the three organization types, each with custom fields that pertain to
that type of organization
(C). A Partner Community for partner organization records, and two lead record types for Enterprise
and Small Business organizations
(D). Three different sections on an Account page layout, with each section displaying the relevant
fields for that organization.
Answer: A


NO.39 An app builder has downloaded a component from the AppExchange successfully; however,
they are unable to add it to the Lightning home page.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
9
Which two reasons can be preventing the app builder from being able to add the custom
component?
Choose 2 answers
(A). My Domain must be deployed to add custom components to the page with the App Builder.
(B). A custom tab must be created to add custom components to the page with the App Builder.
(C). The component requires a developer permission to add it to the page with the App Builder.
(D). The component is tagged for record pages instead of home pages and is not showing up in the
App Builder.
Answer: A,D


NO.41 What tools you need to use to migrate Metadata to Two Different Production Orgs? (3)
(A). Change Set
(B). Force.Com Migration Tool
(C). Unmanaged Package
(D). Force.Com IDE
(E). Data Loader
Answer: B,C,D

NO.43 UV has a customer base where many customers have the same or similar company names.
(A). Update the account search layout list view filter settings.
(B). Update the account search layout search results columns displayed.
(C). Update the account search layout search filter fields.
(D). Update the account search layout accounts tab columns displayed

NO.43 UV has a customer base where many customers have the same or similar company names.
(A). Update the account search layout list view filter settings.
(B). Update the account search layout search results columns displayed.
(C). Update the account search layout search filter fields.
(D). Update the account search layout accounts tab columns displayed
d

NO.50 An App Builder is loading the data into salesforce. To link the new records back to the legacy
system, a field will be used to track the legacy ID on the account object. For future data loads this ID
will be used when upserting records. Which field attribute should be selected? Choose 2 answers

unique, external ID

NO.51 When a user creates an account report, the user does not see industry as an available field in
the report builder. However, this same user is able to see in the account page layout. What scenario
would cause this?
(A). The user uses a custom report type which does not include the industry field
(B). The industry field has no record values in the account.
(C). The industry field is not enabled for the particular record type
(D). The user does not have industry field visibility in the field level security
a

NO.54 Universal containers wants to provide a different view for its users when they access an
Account record in Salesforce1 instead of the standard web version. How can this be accomplished?
Choose 2 answers
(A). By adding a mobile layout and assigning it to a profile.
(B). By adding quick actions in the publisher section.
(C). By adding actions in the Salesforce1 action bar section.
(D). By adding Visualforce page to the mobile cards section

ad

NO.56 What is true when changing the following field types? (Choose 3)
(A). No data is lost when changing Picklist to Multipicklist
(B). Data is lost when changing Number to Currency
(C). Rollup summary fields will stop calculate if Master Detail is changed to lookup
(D). No data is lost when converting Text to auto number
(E). Data can be lost when changing from Rich Text to Long Text
Answer: A,D,E

NO.65 What rules can be used to Opportunity object? (2)
(A). Auto-response
(B). Validation
(C). Assignment
(D). Workflow
Answer: B,d

6 Universal Containers stores invoices in SAP. Users want to view invoice data on the related
Account records in Salesforce. How can this be achieved? Choose 2 answers
(A). Create a custom Invoice object and connect to SAP using Data Loader.
(B). Create an external object connected to an invoice table in SAP.
(C). Use SAP data export functions to load data directly in Salesforce
(D). Connect to an OData Publisher Service for SAP databases
Answer: B,D

NO.72 What is a section of the Lightning App Builder Tool? Choose 3 Answer
A). Canvas
(B). Mini Page Layout
(C). Selected Publisher Actions
(D). Mobile Cards
(E). Components
Answer: A,C,E

NO.74 Universal container sales reps can modify fields on an opportunity until it isclosed. Only the
sales operations team can modify the post close follow up date andpost close followup comments
fields. How to make this happen?
(A). Use field-level security to mark fields as read-only on the sales profile
(B). Use field-level security on page layouts to restrict editing fields
(C). Use record types with field sets and restrict editing fields using field-level security
(D). Use multiple record types, page layouts, and profiles
Answer: B

O.85 Which of the following can be source of report chart placed in page layout?(Choose 2)
(A). Summary
(B). Joined
(C). Tabular
(D). Matrix
Answer: A,D

86 Due to the complexity of the Universal Containers sandbox release schedule and
requirements, it is advised that change sets are used as often as possible to migrate from one
environment to another.
Which three common items can an app builder move when using a change set?
Choose 3 answers

(A). Web-to-lead
(B). Standard fields
(C). Custom object
(D). Apex class
(E). Custom field
Answer: C,D,E

7 An admin is trying to add a custom VF page to the mobile app quick navigation menu but
can't. What might be the problem?
(A). The VF page references / fields that the user can't access
(B). The menu configuration has not been set up correctly for the VF page
(C). The smart search is not enabled for the VF page
(D). A tab has not been created for the VF page
Answer: D

