roll-up summary

calculates values from related records, such as those in related list.
you can create roll-up summary field to display a value in master record based on the values of fields in detail record.


 and also rolll-up summary is a feature of salesforce enabled only after have a master detail relationship between obejct.
 it gives us the options of having SUM, MIN, Max of a field in all the child records or COUNT the num or child records

As Salesforce.com has limitations on almost everything available we have limits for Rollup Summaries as well!! We can configure a maximum of 25 Rollup Summaries  .
The maximum number of master detail relationships on an object can be two.

it's important to know that having too many roll-up summary fields can impact your org's performance
in general, first try to set up your reports to make theses calculations before requesting a limit increase

While increases can be submitted to Support, the maximum hard-coded limit for roll-up summary fields is 40 per object and cannot be increased above that.


NO.350 To increase adoption, Universal Containers is proposing changes to its Salesforce data
model to allow easier visibility for sales reps into key metrics. The proposal has three custom objects
related to the Account object, one with a master-detail, and two that are not. Each of these objects
has 15 fields they would like to summarize on the Account object.
What are two considerations for this proposal?
Choose 2 answers
a) roll-up summaries allow max, min, sum, count, and avg
b) an object can have 20 object refrence
c) an object can have 25 roll-up summaries
d) roll-up summaries are limited to master- detail relationships


Answer: C,D

a) only max, min sum, cound what is avg?
b) objec can have 2 object refrence?


What Is true statement regarding roll up summary fields. Select 2.
(A). Roll up summary fields can only be created on the master of master-detail relationship
(B). The roll up summary field inherits the field level security of the child object.
(C). Multi select picklist files can be used in the field column of the field column of roll up summary
filters.
(D). Changes to the value of a roll up summary field can trigger assignment rules to run

C->you can't use long text area, multi-select picklist , Description fields, system fields likst Last Activity , cross-object formula fields, and lookup fields in the column of roll-up summary filters
D -> changes to the value of a rollup summary field can trigger assignment rules to run. 뭔소리야 
if a roll-up summary field is part of the criteria in an assignment rule, the fields new value is used to evaluate whether to reassign the record.
Answer: A,D




